Aajonus Vonderplanitz was without question an extremely controversial activist in the fields of
nutrition and health.

The way he presented himself to the public eye (Ripleys or the Doctors) may not have created a lot of
confidence however the many people whom he reached through his books, Primal Diet newsletters,
Q&A sessions, Primal Diet Workshops, interviews and consults saw the real Aajonus – an extremely
caring and competent person.

He did not make a big point of the years he spent researching before his books came out, but did
occasionally mention details in Q&A sessions in private homes, to people he knew. Then after his
books came out he continued to research and do private consults, constantly gathering data. When he
found a better way to accomplish something (such as a more effective remedy or faster road to
recovery) he was generally quite pleased. He would mention these in Q&As, Primal Diet Workshops or
private consultations.

It was up to a small group of enthusiasts to somehow get Aajonus’s amazing findings and remedies out
to those interested all over the world. That was and is the purpose of the WeWant2Live.com website
and it is the purpose behind any compilations or recordings being distributed through that website.
There have been attempts to stop him and to minimize the flow of his information out to the world but
those of us who realize the importance and potential for much better health are still here and working
through the Optimal Ways of Living trust to make Aajonus’s information available worldwide.

Thus we present to you Benefits of Raw Eggs and Cheese. Even those who are Aajonus-scholars will
find some new and vital information herein.

Jim Ellingson
Nutritional Foundation for Well Being

There is no promise of healing any specific disease or condition. You read this motivated by your own
free will. The Nutritional Foundation makes no representations or warranties of any kind, stated or
implied, related to the collection of information contained herein. What may work well for one person
may not work well for someone else. Some of the views expressed are controversial, and are expressed
in conjunction with a comprehensive nutritional strategy. The Nutritional Foundation will not be liable
for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages.

There is some ‘new’ information that no one has yet seen! This data has not appeared in any
publication, Q&A or workshop; this was gathered from one of Aajonus’s hard drives. It is included
right along with other selected quotes from available talks and writings.

This e-book is designed for more than an interesting read. The information here may be viewed and
reviewed as in a normal book; additionally you are encouraged to copy and paste into your own text
document to create your PERSONAL health plan. This can be repeated every few months, as things
change and you have different priorities.

The words of anyone except Aajonus are in italics. A bold heading gives a topic being explained by
Aajonus when it is not a direct answer to one person’s question.

Chapter 6 is completely unique because you are writing it as you go along.

This e-book has been assembled in such a way that

weight loss
weight gain

“I got on my bicycle and went around to the farms. Around there was a farming
community. I made deals to shovel manure, to milk goats and cows, slaughter - to do
whatever I had to do on the farms in exchange for food. And all I wanted was chickens,
beef (unfrozen), butter, cheese, all the dairy I could consume and eggs. That is what I
lived on - nothing but that - for 2 1/2 months. I gained 55 pounds. For the first time in my
life, I was able to do physical work and enjoy it! ...with literally no pain! So, I was ecstatic.
...I can feel alive! I do feel alive!’

“And it is the first time in my life that I have ever felt this way. I was very happy. And I
continued eating that way but only 3 days a week that I ate raw meat and sustained on
raw dairy and eggs. And then I got better and better and got to the point where I could
run up to 13 miles a day. ... For the first time in my life, I got athletic. But then, after about
a year, I thought 'why am I doing this - because I could!’ But then I had no interest in
spending my time running around. My brain seemed to be doing better than my body so
I like to think a lot, read a lot, learn a lot and experiment - and do projects.” June 22, 2013

I'm just so happy because I thought it would take 40 years to get your body back into a
state with the greatest amount of health -- minus that you couldn't get rid of because of
vaccines because of too many poisons too much mercury too much fat needed to
remove them. It's not that way with the cheese. It's spectacular and of course eating in
this pattern helps. Other people who’ve done the cheese - and it works very well - but eat
their own food pattern and it doesn't work as well and they don't get as strong so they
don't move as quickly in every which way. June 22, 2013

...when I checked the fecal matter, I found a lot of toxins embedded in this dried matter
that was coming out. ... a lot of constipation but high ratios of toxins in that dried food
and I said ‘How about cheese! ...let’s try cheese; high minerals, dehydrated, can’t digest it
unless it’s cooked or with salt, that fractionates it so you can re-digest the cheese. So, it
has to be no-salt raw cheese so it goes through the system and collects poisons. So
about three years ago, a little longer than three, I got a lot of people to do it. Before, I had
a few people doing it. But 3 years ago I started doing it because the success was so great
with 50 people, I tried it with probably 200 people. I said ‘When you get up in the
morning, you eat a tablespoon or 2 tablespoons. If you are a guy this big, you eat three
tablespoons of cheese. First thing in the morning absorb all the poisons that have

dumped into the stomach and intestines. It will go through like a train and just pick it up.
And it does! Then after then, suck some eggs; get the brain fuel going. June 22, 2013

Somebody got in my house and poisoned my milk. ..... And I started eating cheese to
absorb it and collect it. And I noticed that it worked very very well, because it cut down on
my nausea 90%. That was about six years ago, so now I ask other people that I was
seeing frequently, once a year to me is frequent. Because you know I don't need to see
people very often on this diet, they get well so I don't need to see them frequently. So I
decided to ask other people to eat different amounts of cheese and all day long. And
those that ate it once an hour did very very well, those who ate it every 45 minutes did
even better, those that did every 30 minutes did even better, 20 minutes, 15 minutes,
and the results were incredible. Even again, I just went to three cities, St Louis and
Stockton, Missouri, and Omaha and everybody who has diligently done the cheese every
20 to 30 minutes, the amount of detoxification is sped up like 2 to 6 years in 1 year, I
mean it's astounding. So thank God the people who can't take the hot tubs or you know,
aren't taking enough baths, at least I can get them to side track them going out the skin
and going into the intestinal tract to remove it. June 16, 2013

Since I’ve had people doing it [ lymphatic bath ] at least five days a week, 90 minutes a day,
plus eating the cheese every day – anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes daily – the increase
in lymphatic activity and cleansing and healing has tripled. May 27, 2012 -

I've seen in people who were diligent who were eating cheese every 15 minutes, and I
had one fellow whose entire intestinal tract was black and I thought this guy is going to
take a long time to get well. And he was on his way out. He was very skinny, and I saw
him a year later and his digestive tract had cleaned by two thirds. He got the mercury
out of it from the cheese. June 16, 2013

“Two factors cause the rampant, modern progression of afflictions such as cancer,
diabetes, osteoporosis, obesity, heart disease, chronic fatigue syndrome and
fibromyalgia.

“The first factor is eating cooked and/or processed food that is devoid of live nutrients
and full of the toxic byproducts of cooking, pesticides and other chemicals. If you are
interested in the names and research on those toxins, purchase and read The Recipe For
Living Without Disease.

“The second factor is environmental pollution. The industrial and chemical revolutions
have created over 6,000 bizarre foreign chemicals that our bodies have not succeeded in
processing as food or air. Toxic accumulations within our bodies cause more
deterioration. Some chemicals cause immediate death, but most cause the gradual
degeneration that leads to poor-quality health.
Article: Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Fibromyalgia.

... any kind of raw cheese or even a cottage cheese
It does not matter.
Cottage cheese ok?
Cottage is fine – as long as it’s not too wet.
Not too wet.
Yeah.
Does it have to be unsalted?
It has to be unsalted. Salt is an explosive – it starts fractionating your food, so if you have
raw salted cheese you’re going to reabsorb your poisons. If you have pasteurized cheese
you’re going to reabsorb your poisons. If you have salted pasteurized cheese you’re going
to really not synthesize, as well as reabsorbing your poisons – toxins. October 14, 2012

The reason that I say don't add salt to cheeses is because when it goes into the body, it
starts breaking up the cheese and then causing your body to digest it. The problem: what
happens to you in the blood is that if you have salt in there of course your body will take
the sodium chloride, or the sodium potassium or however you're getting the sodium, and
separate it. It will isolate because it’s in rock form. We don't eat we rock, plants eat rock.
June 22, 2013

Does cottage cheese work the same?
Yes. Cottage cheese is still dehydrated, although not as much as hard cheese.
If you want to get your minerals with cottage cheese, do you still take it with honey?
Yes, with honey. September 26, 2010

Does it matter if it's the soft cheese or the hard cheese?
If it is cottage cheese, you need to let it dry more than you get it from the farmer. It is a
little too soft. Just remember, any soft cheese has a certain amount of enzymes in it. You
do not want to digest the cheese. You want the cheese to absorb poisons and get it out
of the body. June 16, 2013

How about feta, raw goat feta, is that good, or is that too salty?
It's too salty. Salt for you is absolute poison. May 6, 2000

What about moldy cheese?
Moldy cheese I scrape the...the outer white layer off because that has all the spores in it
and you can get to much mycelium generating in your system and you can get very
lethargic.
So, no moldy cheese?
Yes, you can eat moldy cheese; just scrape the white top off. September 9, 2007

Spores on cheese
Cheese, though, grows white spores off the top. The spores are aerobically incited like
tiny microscopic mushrooms that let out all these spores for mycelium. Mycelium is like
the mother... like salmonella on the body. It goes into the ground and eats dead roots –
whether grass or trees, whatever. In the woods the milky substance oozing all over a
dead felled tree is mycelium. When the mycelium is finished working, it will grow
mushrooms whose spores will find dead roots and take effect there. Mycelium will grow;
you’ll have this milky substance in the ground eating and decomposing the roots which
become nutrients for other plants. When you eat that even from a cheese, it can incite
heavy detoxification (decomposition) of any part of network in the body that’s dead –
neurological, blood stream, lymphatic branches. [ That is a ] good thing but can
sometimes be very debilitating. It is OK to eat the mycelium mold on the inside of the
cheese but when you eat the spores, it can go rampant so just scrape them off on the
outside of the cheese. May 20, 2012

Does cottage cheese count as cheese or is that more like a kefir?
It's more like a cheese.
So the same thing applies to cottage cheese?
Right. It’s just that because it still has some of its fluid in it you will have some bioactive
enzymes in cottage cheese that you won’t have in dry cheese. September 9, 2007

But you’re saying the harder cheese...the softer cheese is actually better for you or they're not...
It depends on what you need. If you need the molds to help break down toxicity in your
body then the softer cheeses are better. If you need a magnet and a sponge to
bind with toxicity and then remove it from your body then harder cheese is better.
So which is the harder cheese? Farmer’s cheese?
Farmers cheese is soft. The dry cheese is the brick cheese.
Cheddar is hard.
Cheddar yeah, Jack...any of those. September 9, 2007

... keep cheese from molding?
That’s the process of cheese, you know if you get American cheese. The process of
making cheese is you take the dairy, you make it into curds and whey, you filter it out,
you dry out your curds, and you put it in cave. That’s the way cheeses are made. Instead
of putting active acidophilus in the milk, you’re introducing a mold to predigest it the
same way as bacteria. So that’s the only way you can eat hard cheeses, that you can
digest them, is if there’s mold in them. Well there’s one way: you can eat a litle bit of
honey with your hard cheeses and you’ll be able to digest them. Or you can pasteurize
them - make it from pasteurized milk - of course when that happens you’re going to
absorb toxins in the body and then re-digest it, reabsorb those chemicals, those toxins,
back into the body. When cheese is raw and unsalted the body does not digest it, it uses
it to attract toxins out of the neurological and lymphatic blood stream; even as it passes
out of the mouth it pulls it out of the system all the way through, till it leaves the body. If
you eat honey directly with the cheese then you will digest the cheese, and if there are
any toxins in it you’ll reabsorb those toxins. So I say eat cheese only twice a day with
honey, maybe thirty minutes after a meat meal, and that’s to give your calcium,
phosphorous, magnesium, potassium, all those good concentrated minerals,
supplementation. Otherwise the cheese won’t be as digestible without having fungus or
mold in it. If you don’t want it to mold don’t refrigerate it. Molds grow in cold
environments, so if you leave the cheese out to get warm [it won’t mold].
February 22, 2009

I came back from France: they say to mold the cheese, is that a good idea?
That's a very good idea because we've all eaten lots of cooked cheese in our life, that
American stuff, Velveeta, how much Velveeta I ate, no wonder I was so sick. That stuff
was awful. May 6, 2000

I also found that if you put it in a dark place, it seems to...the mold is faster.
Right. If you leave it out at room temperature...if you'll take it out of its package and then
let air in a plastic bag, like a ziplock bag with air in it, it will mold very quickly. There are all
different kinds of molds. That may be a difficult one, so only a little bit, cause I've seen
people get fatigue, so eat only a little bit. Maybe a little, let's say molds on the outside
first, then work its way in over the month inside, so when it gets on the outside, if you
want it to go blue, to blue cheese, you need to let it sit a longer time. If it's just the white
mold, that'll happen within a few days. Shave some of that off. But I wouldn't have any
more than a thin shaving like this, about as wide as the brick is, and no more than 1"
long, per week. May 6, 2000

Should I stay away from cheese because of all the mold?
Let me tell you, these therapists don’t know their butt from a hole in the ground. All they
do is listen to doctors. They think the same way as doctors. The body is attacking itself. If
you’re eating raw cheese that’s molded, and that’s how you make cheeses - the molds
predigest the cheese just like lactobacillus predigests your yogurt, your milk to make
yogurt and kefir. It’s not a bad thing. If it is mold grown on pasteurized cheese, you’ve got
a problem. But my people with fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue – it depends on what’s
caused it – all eat cheese and honey and some fruit. They just have to eat it with a lot of
fat. July 10, 2007

Cheese will pull those toxins out of the body. It has to be raw, no-salt cheese and if it’s
moldy on the outside – if you see some white – just scrape it off. The mold inside is fine
but if you look at the white hair/moldy stuff under a microscope you’ll see hundreds of
thousands of microscopic mushrooms with spores. You can get too many spores at one
time in a sick body. Just scrape off the surface; there are no mushrooms inside; only on
the surface. If your body is not sick, you might be able to use the mold. July 10, 2007

Water with meat and cheese?
Cheese doesn't have a lot of enzymes. So I would say eat some honey, just little bits of
honey just to get the enzymes in there so you can utilize it. It's better when you're first
starting out like that, to eat the meat with just very very little cheese. And then you'll
probably have no trouble at all.

Did you drink anything, or have anything with it other than the cheese and meat? Water?
Never EVER EVER drink water with meat and cheese. It will completely dilute your
acids. And then that stuff will sit in your stomach for quite a while. At least 40-50 minutes,
and usually meat and cheese should be gone out of the stomach in 20 minutes.
May 6, 2000

When you gulp, most of the water is going to go right into the kidney and all those
nutrients have no way to get to your cells. So, it causes dehydration because the body
wants to replace that water ...impossible. By drinking water you cannot get that ion
activity between the nutrients and the water again. If you blended water with some
cottage cheese, put a little honey or some fruit in it, February 3, 2013

I recommend that people eat small amounts of cheese to absorb the poisons that are
constantly dumping into the stomach and intestines. That’s not the normal route; that’s

not the healthy route for toxins to leave the body – 90% of toxins are supposed to leave
through the skin. October 14, 2012

How long do you store cheese in room temperature?
Until it gets very; cold in your house and you know mold will start growing.
I’ve had it up to six months in my experiment.
Heat restricts it more from getting fungus, from getting mold, it’s tastier.
Just remember raw dairy never goes bad, it just turns into cheese.
Well when you’ve got hair, fussy stuff all over the outside, those are mushrooms, those
are the spores. That can cause a heavy detoxification. So you just scrape the outer stuff
off. February 22, 2009

So if you wanted heavy detox you could eat it [moldy cheese]?
Absolutely! Right. Or you may get strong fatigue, you may get diarrhea and vomiting, so if
you’re ready for it, do it - If it doesn’t bother you. I know people who’ve been eating the
moldy cheese for ages, who simply say it never bothers me.
Well, they’re Germans, they’re really healthy with all that raunchy stinky awful smelling
cheese, and that’s all from mold. February 22, 2009

A good cheese
is one that’s been predigested with molds. Germans love those stinky old cheeses that
have been broken down with the raunchiest molds in the world. Look at their strength
when they used to eat so much of it. Look at the 1800s and 1900s when they thought
they were the greatest race. Part of that was because they ate so much steak tartar, even
more than France and they ate all of this raw moldy cheese. So they were an incredibly
healthy country of people. September 13, 2009

Can you leave that cheese out and dry it? Will it change the properties of the cheese?
Yeah, the dryer it is the more it will be absorbent. September 9, 2007

Importance of cheese
He was one of those skinny, skinny individuals that absorbed all those poisons and
couldn’t throw them off because he had no fat to throw them off. So here he walked up, I
photographed his eyes. I can see his entire digestive tract. 90 percent of the metal is
gone. And he looks it. And I said what planet are you from? This isn’t natural or normal.
He said I am doing better. I’m feeling good and he said I don’t see the difference but I feel
the difference, I feel happy now, I feel energy. He went from bone thin like Jim was and a

lot of other people, several other people who are here, bone thin, thinner than he. So he
was big, his waist... he probably went from a..., he is about 6 feet 2 inches. He probably
went from a 31 waist to 42. But he was strong; he had red skin, not all gray except around
the eyes. It was just like a miracle. I’ve seen that a few times. But the people were not
honest with me.
I said O.K., I want you to tell me what you eat. Take me through a day. He said I am going
to be honest. I have been eating maybe 10 times more [ raw unsalted ] cheese than you
told me. I said I gave you a minimum. I don’t care if you eat 10 pounds a day. I just want
you to eat a minimum of a little cube of cheese, of a half a teaspoon every 15 minutes.
He wouldn’t stop eating it, he just kept eating and eating and eating it and going through
a pound, a pound and a half a day.
I tell people, that’s what vacuums. It absorbs the poisons out of the stomach and
intestines and in 7 months he did that. You have to understand when I give you
something, it is a minimum not a maximum, it is a minimum. Pig out on the cheese if you
have intestinal poisoning and you want to get rid of metal poisoning faster. Get fat for a
while on cheese. Cheese will make you fat. You don’t digest it - the raw cheese - you won’t
digest but it will allow you to utilize all your other foods to completely build and detox
and heal, while the cheese goes through and does the main detoxification. So you are
able to use all those foods that I tell you to eat. And I tell everybody to eat a lot with a lot
of butter. So if you want to move fast through your poisons, do it. ...lots of cheese.
Article: Cheese to Detox Heavy Metals

I have 20 pounds of butter up there to last me up through December or January. Why? ...
Because I want the yellow butter with more vitamins in it. I put it in the refrigerator, and if
it gets a little blue, it is just blue cheese; it’s delicious. I make Roquefort dressing with it.
September 13, 2009

I use a little cheese on the meat with some mustard with some vinegar and I use that twice a
day.
Uh-huh.
...t he mustard with a little vinegar.
Yeah, right.
Is that okay?
Yeah, you’re talking probably about a very small amount. July 20, 2008
- - - - - - - - -

Refrigerated eggs...

Just take them out of the refrigerator, put them in the sun in a brown paper bag to get
that bacteria growing. I take them in at night but put them out two days – not in direct
sunlight which would break down stem cells.
Yellow and watery rotten eggs stimulate intense detox?
That’s just barely fermented. When they’re black, they’re really rotten eggs - that’s the way
the Chinese eat them. They’re as good as they’re predigested. No detox – just feeds the
brain and nervous system. I talk about rotten eggs in my newsletter. January 27, 2013

Eggs should not be artificially heated above 98 degrees F (37 degrees C) nor stored below
68 degrees F (20 degrees C). The Recipe for Living Without Disease

What does refrigeration do?
Refrigeration will destroy the enzymes and protein responses, the longer it's refrigerated,
the more it's destroyed. And if you take it out, in room temperature, it'll start building up
again.
When you get this fertile egg then, it's already been refrigerating.
That's why I said, you leave it out, and it'll build up again.
So you can buy refrigerated eggs and leave them out?
And if you do what I do sometimes, I'll stick it in the sun so it stinks. And it's full of
bacteria. And let me tell you, if I got a lot of work to do, and I'll eat that, I can move
mountains. 1999

...Blending vegetables instead of juicing?
... terrible, because - what those will do is - the pulp stays in there and alkalinizes your
intestines. So you don’t digest your dairy and meats well, and eggs.
...e ven if it’s done separately from your eggs?
It doesn't make any difference because those particles lag. May 26, 2013

Happy chickens
These Amish chickens that are fed my way -

[ Aajonus’s way: Feeding a chicken a vegetarian diet is the worst thing you can do. Chickens
are not vegetarian. They’re mainly scavengers and eat rotten meat and bugs. If they eat

rotten meat – which they prefer, they won’t eat bugs. They eat carcasses like vultures.
That’s why I have Amish farmers butchering their animals and leaving what they don’t
use for the chickens who eat it as it rots as well as the ensuing maggots.]

Chickens on sprout diet?
Again, it’s a vegetarian diet and not that great. Animals that live on sprouts die young.
January 27, 2013

When I go to the farmer, I take out all the eggs with shit on them. In Asia they don’t clean
their eggs and I take the ones with most shit on. Where I poke it, I’m eating the shit.
May 23, 2010

I get unwashed eggs whenever I can because they use a detergent that destroys some of
the bacteria. It deprives the egg of the ability to reproduce and it does stop the bacterial
growth inside the egg, from the outside in. I like bacteria; it’s 99% of any organic function
in any animal. I want bacteria, I want as much as I can get. In Asia, people see me, I go
and I buy these chicken shit eggs and I suck it out and they go eeeeek you’re gonna die!
1999

How much better are Amos' [Amos Miller is an Amish farmer using Aajonus’s farming
principles completely] eggs than regular unwashed eggs?
Well, Amos raises chickens the way I want. He takes the guts from a butchered animal,
throws them out on a pallet. He lets the flies lay all their maggots, the birds peck on the
rotten meat and the guts and everything in them along with the maggots. His chickens
follow you around like cats; they’ll rub up against you - they never peck each other. They
have everything they need; they are a happy, wonderful healthy chicken. He gives them
buttermilk, whey, kefir, or sprouted grains like oats.
How good can a typical pastured egg be compared to a chicken like Amos’ that eats that much
meat and other foods. Like compared to the eggs we get around here from Rawesome and the
farmers markets?
Considerably better. September 13, 2009

Why do you not refrigerate your eggs?
Because you will destroy the vitamins and enzymes in your eggs and you will assimilate
and absorb less and less protein. When you leave them out, they grow bacteria in them. I
will leave some out in the sun and rot them till they are old and stinky. They taste like a
rotten Easter egg. It doesn’t hurt at all but the smell is horrendous. But you know the
Chinese have the century old egg which they rot from 5 to 25 years. They rot them buried
in clay. They can be from anywhere from $25-$100-$1000 an egg. Old Chinese men who
are 80-90 years old will pay $ 1,000 for black eggs that are rotten to the core and they will
go out and screw 30 times in a night for up to 5-6 months. It is worth it for them.
We now know why you eat those eggs.
It leads to vitality, to good feeling. All that good stuff... September 19, 2000

High eggs feed the brain and nervous system. I’ve had eggs up to six months in a cool
house that never went high. The way to do it is to make sure some oxygen gets into it but
you don’t want to make a big crack in it as it makes them stinky and hard and when you
go to break it open, it’s all over the place. You want to get hairline cracks in it that you
almost can’t see unless you’ve got a magnifying glass. The way you do that is tap with the
rounded back of a spoon [ sound of tapping ] and you can hear it when it cracks. You can’t
see it but it’s cracked. Another area [ more tapping ]. I do it in at least three places. Now I’ve
cracked it too much and that means it’s going to come out really black. And that’s OK.
That’s the way the Asians eat them. Put it back in your carton.
How long does it take?
Three or four weeks, if it’s in a warm place. It pre-digests just like yogurt and kefir pre-
digest. It feeds the brain and nervous system.
Isn’t it already so easily digested that it doesn’t need to be high?
Yes, but it won’t get to the bowel. The bacteria in the bowel feed the brain and the
nervous system but it’s the last to be fed. Most of the best fats are already digested and
gone. The way you get some bacteria that predigest your protein and your fats into your
brain and nervous system as soon as you eat, so it doesn’t have to wait to get to the
bowel, is you make it decay on its own. Its own bacteria will break it down the way your
colon bacteria would so you’re feeding your brain and nervous system. That’s why eating
high meat turns chronically depressed people into laughing, giggling people in 10- 20
minute. High eggs are the same way.
What’s it going to look like?
It depends. It’s usually very runny and the yolk is mixed to some extent with the egg
white. If you let it go a very long time, it could turn black. That’s the best because it
means it’s all completely digested.
That’s the century egg. The Chinese let it go up to 25 years. It’s all black or white
inside. Sometimes it can be hard, depending on the egg and the soil they put it in. The
bacteria in the egg start the pre-digestion and the fungus [ in the soil ] will finish it. That’s

why when you open it you have powder – it’s a fungal powder – whether black or
white. It’s an aphrodisiac and these 25-year-old eggs cost about $1000 apiece. It’s like
Viagra for 30 days. There are a lot of elderly people in Japan and China and Taiwan and
Asia that eat those eggs. When they make those, they’re not cracked just buried in clay or
some other type of earth depending on what they’re trying to generate.
And, can we also make them without cracking them?
Yes, but they’ll take forever unless you’re living in a tropical environment where the
temperature never drops below 80 degrees.
I have a couple eggs I keep in a high cupboard that I haven’t touched in a couple years. Are
these still good?
They are still good, but you won’t get much out of them as most of the moisture has
already evaporated. When they bury them in the ground, they don’t lose their moisture.
Do you have to be careful how many you eat?
No. February 3, 2013

Century eggs

In China, if you go to China and buy the century eggs, they’re either black molds that
have converted from... you have bacteria, that breaks down first, and then the mold eats
the bacteria. It’s breaking it down into a finite powder. So whenever you buy those eggs,
it’s either all black mold or all white mold. That’s normal; that means you’ve gotten a very
advanced one.
So they might be 3 or 4 weeks older than the other one.
...right ...even longer. Yeah
So, so it’s ok to eat those eggs? Absolutely! Just remember that mold breaks down eggs
the same way as bacteria. So it just predigests it for you, just like acidophilus and
bulgaricus. All of those break down the different elements within foods, so they just
predigest it for you. December 14, 2008

Leave the eggs for 6 months, and then eat them?
There's a Chinese century egg, they bury them from 1 year to 25 years, 25 year old egg,
you pull it out of the ground, it is completely bacteria-mold, black or white, and it costs
you $1000 for one of those eggs. And it is great for longevity. Some of those Asians reach
it. And it's only the wealthy ones because they're the only ones that can afford $1000 an
egg. 1999

The Chinese successfully used “century” eggs, rotten eggs aged up to 25 years with high-
bacteria and molds, for remedies and disease-prevention, and as an aphrodisiac.
The conclusion that the elderly, infants and the ill are more susceptible to harm (at-risk)

from “pathogens” is speculation and false. I have observed many cases in which so-called
at-risk individuals ate bacterial rich, aged and decaying raw food. They regained health of
bowels, digestion, glands, sanity, and in many cases reversed disease. It worked
favorably in all situations with only 6 of 32 experiencing minor loose bowels, or nausea
and/or vomiting. Those people considered their discomfort well worth the beneficial
results.
Bacteria, virus and parasites are naturally present in the company of degenerative tissue
but are not the cause of degenerative tissue. According to retired Neuroscientist Elnora
Van Winkle from Millhauser Laboratories of the Department of Psychiatry, New York
University School of Medicine, “pathogens” are the clean-up crew for degenerative
conditions. They appear as a response, not as the cause. “Pathogens” respond to decay
within the body, reversing or preventing more serious disease. They appear as vultures
and crows do; they find the dying and carcasses and eat them to prevent the
atmosphere from becoming a toxic gaseous environment. Eliminating them is dangerous
to the environment. Eliminating microbes - such as, E.coli, salmonella, and campylobacter

I happen to have this really good egg supplier for five or six years. He gives the unwashed eggs,
I buy them buy the case. He doesn’t feed them any soy - just corn and he says he gives them
worms also. But I had a problem last August. You know, I buy a case, and usually I finish the
case and a couple go bad, and you know, I love...
Raw eggs don’t go bad, they just go stinky.
Well they would go to become a rotten egg, the classic rotten egg. And I love the classic rotten
eggs. But in August I was quite slow at eating my case of eggs and something rather strange
started happening to this case of eggs. Instead of going bad, cause they were sitting, (it was
August, it was hot) - they were in my kitchen, I don’t have air conditioning in my place, but it’s
not direct sun or anything like that. It sure is hot but instead of becoming a classic rotten egg,
it would like just like break open and become this smelly brown and full of maggots. And now
I’m wondering whether I can still, I’ve still been buying eggs from this guy since August. Is there
a problem with his eggs?
Every time you crack a shell and you get it warm enough, there are those little bitty fruit
fly worm, fruit flies that will lay their larva, and then get into the cracks because they’re
very tiny; they’re not like a regular fly.
But instead of going bad, all these eggs, dozens of them turned into this stinky, uh, brown thing
of like, just full of maggots.
Good stuff.
I could have eaten that?
Yeah, absolutely!

All that brown stuff is the maggots predigesting all those nutrients. Their waste is usually
brown. There are some funguses in China when you have the century egg, it turns black
inside and not brown, but see white brown or black, depending on which egg you’re
buying.
That’s a classic bad egg. But that stinky, smelly, completely brown..
Those are the maggots predigesting.
They predigested the whole darn egg?
What do your bowel movements smell like?
I don’t smell them very often.
But if you shit in your yard, what would it smell like?
It smells like shit.
It smells pretty foul. Well that’s the food that’s most absorbable. Once the bacteria and
E. coli have broken everything down, the body holds the fecal matter up in the sigmoid
colon in order to absorb all that foul stinky stuff, because that’s reducing to the
molecules, to feed the cells in the body.
Would it have been healthy to eat that brown smelly...
With the maggot too.
With the maggots! So I could have just thrown it into a jar and gone around eating one of
these a day...
Absolutely!
No, that’s normal in the summertime, if the egg shell got cracked.
How do I know it got cracked? It just sat there.
You wouldn’t know; you have to have a magnifying glass - a pretty powerful one - and see
if the eggs got cracked, and all they have to do is bump each other and they’ll put hairline
cracks.
They seemed to just explode on their own.
I do that. I do that. I’ll take - if it’s a hot summer - I’ll take a spoon and just tap them, and I
hear that crack go through them, and then I know.
But sometimes I’d like to have a whole plate of these things, and they’d all go bad, the whole
thing.
Well that’s a week of good predigested egg.
But there’s a difference between a rotten egg and these smelly brown things, or are they the
same?
Well, they’re not the same because you’ve got the parasites eating one, and you’ve got
fungus eating the other, and bacteria and fungus.

So I know you’ve always talked about how we should get parasites in our body, is this a good
way to get parasites in our body?
That parasite is not an internal parasite.
Okay so that parasite is just going to be ingested by our bacteria.
This is like that tribe that lives on maggots. They hunt, they slice the meat very thinly;
they lay it on a grill of twigs. Then the maggots come and lay their eggs, their larva, and it
grows. Then they’ll eat the maggots on the fifth day before they grow wings, and they get
big juicy maggots. That’s all they eat, and they can run 30 to 35 miles an hour. Everything
is liquid and finely digested when it’s in a maggot.
So that’s good stuff to eat?
... absolutely good stuff to eat. February 22, 2009

Eggs will never get to the bowel – no matter what form they are – high or not.
Eggs are assimilated in the stomach and small intestine?
Yeah, but if you’re eating eggs alone, they’ll only go about 5” in your intestine before
they’re all absorbed. Feb 3, 2013

Has your eating schedule changed since the recipe book?
Yes, you eat cheese first thing in the morning and have butter with it if you have a
tendency towards constipation. So let's say for a big guy - like your size - I'd say two
tablespoons of cheese, a teaspoon of butter.
... first in the morning?
Next after that, to get the brain going so you don’t have a lot of sugar in your nervous
system and so the brain functions and focuses properly, you eat eggs, two to three eggs,
five to ten minutes apart.
And then go into the regular schedule?
Yes. Then throughout the day, in between the meat meal and your fruit meal, you are
sipping on the milk and sport formula... and eating cheese periodically, to absorb the
poisons all day long. So the cheese is added and the sport formula is added.
Early in the morning, why do you have the cheese?
It will absorb all the poisons that have dumped into the stomach and intestines.
...And what quantity of cheese per person?
It is all different; it depends on your size and level of toxicity. May 26, 2013

What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I wake and have cheese. After that I suck an egg or two. After that I eat my meat.
I thought you had juice in the morning.
I don’t do much juice anymore because it disturbs my balance of everything so I have my
juice later. For almost everybody else, you have your cheese, your juice with egg or egg
and then juice then egg again, depending on your condition. Then you have your meat.
September 26, 2010

Fat after protein
Should fat - butter and cheese - be eaten simultaneously with meat?
It depends on quantity. If you're a weight-lifter or body builder and want to develop big
fast, have a full lubrication formula: 3-4 tbl with the meat and the rest 10-15 minutes
following because the protein will help you digest that fat. Fat takes 3 times longer to

digest than proteins. So it’s better to have most of the fat 10-15 minutes after the
protein, if you’re having a lot. If you’re a weight-lifter and burn a lot of energy, you can
just gulp stuff like that. I can’t. I’ll sip it. If you’re only having 1-2 tbl of fat, have it with the
meat as a sauce or however you want. But you want all the fat within 40 minutes.
September 26, 2010

How often should I consume the cheese/honey mixture?
Three times a day, and two times after a meat meal. If you have osteoporosis I usually
suggest that people do eating schedule #2, which has three meat meals instead of one.
Thirty-five minutes after you finish the meat meal you have your cheese and honey
together. September 13, 2009

- - - - - - - - -

If you’re having the lube formula you might want to wait to have the lube formula after
you’ve finished the meat meal.
10 minutes after? And then you can have – 35 minutes after that – you can have the cheese
and the honey?
Yeah. Well, what I’ve done – I’ve changed that a little bit: 25 minutes after you’ve finished
the meat have a little sugar-cubed size amount of cheese; 10 minutes after that you have
your cheese and honey ... because I don’t want any poisons getting into the honey and
cheese. May 27, 2012

- - - - - - - - -

Importance of cheese
Yeah. And let’s say I’ve got construction workers who are heavily toxic and laboratory
personal who deal with a lot of formaldehyde and mercury – I have them eat a cube
every 15 minutes. So, they’ll take that and wait seven minutes, drink some sport formula
or milk, or milkshake and then seven minutes have that piece of cheese again – and they
do that all day long. When it comes to a meal of course they don’t eat that cheese during
that half of the meal, but they eat it 10 minutes before the meal and then about 25
minutes after the meal they have cheese again, then 10 minutes after that is when you
have honey and cheese together. When you have cheese without honey without fruit you
do not digest the cheese; there are no enzymes in dehydrated food, no matter what it is.
So, you have to have honey or some kind of fruit – like an acidic fruit – like pineapple or
papaya – to provide the enzymes to digest that cheese. So, twice a day I recommend that
25 minutes after your meal you have a little piece of cheese, 10 minutes after that you

have your cheese with honey and that’s your mineral supplement. Ok?
I’ve seen women with 32% bone loss and osteoporosis reverse that in nine months by
doing that, in nine months. October 14, 2012

Can you eat the cheese about a half-hour before?
That won’t work. The stomach works in 40-minute cycles, just like we have dream states
and go into REM [ rapid eye movement ] every 40 minutes. So if you eat your cheese and
wait 10 minutes, you have 30 minutes to eat your meal. If you eat cheese first, your body
will start dumping poisons from the stomach that it needs to get rid of. If you stop eating
for ten minutes, it stops dumping poisons with the hydrochloric acid. So, then you can
eat your meal so you get the hydrochloric acid without poisons. At 40 minutes all of a
sudden your stomach starts dumping poisons with the hydrochloric acid again. So that’s
your boundary: you have your cheese, wait 10 minutes, you start eating your meal and
you have 30 minutes to finish. September 26, 2010

What about before you have your cheese? Is there a period of time you can’t eat or drink
anything before you have your cheese? Because I’ll be sipping milk and five minutes later I’ll
have my cheese – is that OK?
I sip all day long. OK. ...five minutes before cheese - as long as you’re just sipping. Don’t
drink half a cup and then take cheese five minutes later. September 26, 2010

Should you do the cheese before you do a sip of milk? Or the sport formula that you.....you’re
doing cheese every 20 minutes you say.....but you also want us to be sipping milk when it is hot
or sport formula. How much time....
Ten minutes, you have a sip, five minutes you can have cheese again.
OK.
... But it's sipping the milk, it's not guzzling it. June 16, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Do you eat the cheese and honey 10 minutes before a cheese?
You eat the cheese – it’s always the cheese 10 minutes before you have the cheese and
honey.
Yeah, but even in the middle of the night do you do it?
Yeah, still I have a piece of cheese first but you don’t have to wait a full 10 minutes – 5
minutes is fine during the middle of the night. And when you have that cheese with

honey it should be about a three to one ratio – maximum. So, let’s say you’re having a
tbsp. of cheese, you have a tsp. of honey only; you have three tbsp. of cheese, you can
have two a half to three tsp. of honey. October 14, 2012

- - - - - - - - -

Okay so I switch over to the eggs, so I can drink milk in between the eggs, I drink about a
gallon of milk day, especially in the summer - I get so thirsty.
You need the cheese to absorb the toxins. If you’re having burning, you need something
to absorb the toxins so do the cheese before you have the eggs. September 13, 2009

- - - - - - - - -

Cheese before juice
I was on the diet before, was really a lot of juice, maybe I just got a little bit tired of it.
I'd like you to have 60% celery, 20% carrot, and 20% green cabbage. What might help you
enjoy that juice a little bit is to have a little cheese before you drink the juice.
November 7, 1999

After you have that little sugar-cube – you wait 25 minutes after you finished the meat
meal - you have a little sugar-cube amount of cheese, and then 10 minutes after that you
have your cheese and honey together for your mineralization.
I just want to be sure that you don’t get any poisons from the stomach lining or the
intestinal walls into the cheese that’s going to digest and get your mineral supplement
when you eat it with the honey. Just like I have you eating cheese 10 minutes before
everything – absorb the poisons. So, when you eat your meal – whether it’s fruit or meat,
or milkshake, or whatever – the poisons are not going to get into your food that’s going
to be digested.
So, if you have the fruit meal – it’s the same thing again: 10 minutes before the fruit, have the
cheese?
You have the piece of cheese – yeah. May 27, 2012

cheese during bath?
I do, absolutely. It’s a good idea, even if you’re not waiting to drink, to have some cheese.
You can be throwing off toxins in that hot bath. Poisons galore are going to come out.
So, I don’t have to wait ten minutes after the cheese before drinking in the bath?
In the bath, the rules can change. Just drink. March 26, 2013

What about before you have your cheese? Is there a period of time you can’t eat or drink
anything before you have your cheese? Because I’ll be sipping milk and five minutes later I’ll
have my cheese – is that OK?

I sip all day long. OK five minutes before cheese - as long as you’re just sipping. Don’t
drink half a cup and then take cheese five minutes later. September 26, 2010

So after you finish the meat meal - 20 to 25 minutes after that - you have the cheese, small
amount of cheese, 10 to 15 minutes after that you have cheese and honey together. So like if
you're a tiny person it could be about 1 and 1/2 tablespoons of cheese to 1 teaspoon 1, 1 and 1/2
teaspoons of honey. Use 1/3 or less honey to the amount of cheese.
Remember there are three teaspoons to a tablespoon so if you're having one tablespoon of
cheese that means 3 teaspoons of cheese to one teaspoon of honey or less. Then you can have
1/2 teaspoon of honey with 3 teaspoons of cheese - very small amounts. That's to provide the
enzymes to digest the cheese, all the minerals in the fats and the cheese. That is where you get
your mineral supplement. Now 2 tablespoons of cheese is worth how much milk, minerals and
milk and fat. Quart and a half. Pretty good - not your cottage cheese but your hard cheese -
that's pretty good - that's a lot of minerals, a lot of good fats. So you're going to digest that. If
you do it after the meat you're going to re-mineralize the body, you’re going to strengthen your
bones and muscles. June 22, 2013

I have my cheese every 20 minutes. October 14, 2012

...just the way I said So let's say that after you finish your meat meal and the cheese and
the honey you go 2 hours or two and a half hours eating the cheese however often you
wanted -- and then sipping. Then you have your vegetable juice then... if you haven't had
it before your meat meal. Then you wait two hours after that and then you eat the
cheese and sip in between. If you had your vegetable juice before the meat meal, then
you go 3 to 4 hours with just cheese and sipping. Then about noon - depending upon
what time you awaken - you have your fruit meal between noon and 2 o’clock. You're
eating cheese again -- every time before you’re going to eat anything you have
cheese. So you have the cheese and then 10 minutes after that you have your fruit meal.
June 22, 2013

So after you have your cheese again then after that you have your vegetable juice or your
meat meal. You have your vegetable juice you're going to have to wait for at least 45
minutes to have your meat meal after that from the first time. At least 45 minutes. So I
say after you have your vegetable Juice after you finish it 15 - 20 minutes later you have a
cube of cheese. 10 minutes after that another cube of cheese --- I mean 20 minutes after

that another cube of cheese, and then 10 minutes after that your meat meal. So you’ve
gone 50 minutes after you finished your vegetable juice to have your meat meal. If you
go right into your meat meal you can go about 20 to 25 minutes after you finish the meat
meal you have one or two cubes of cheese. 10 to 15 minutes after that you want to have
cheese and honey together. June 22, 2013

If you’re going to have a meal – let’s say it was at a certain time and your cheese is
supposed to fall in the midst of it – always eat cheese 10 minutes before that meal or
drink your milkshake, whatever it is. So, you’ll absorb the poisons into the cheese and
they won’t get into your food because if it gets into your food you’re just going to recycle
your poisons – and that’s what 99% of people do: Recycle their poisons.
What do you when you’re sipping milk every 10/15 minutes? Let’s say you take a little sip and –
Still stick to your cheese every 15, 20, 30, 45, 60 minutes – still do that.
Do you mean do the cheese and wait 10 minutes for the milk?
Yeah – uh-huh. October 14, 2012

I am doing the mercury formula 5x a week.
It will help, but make sure you’re constantly eating the cheese.
Ten minutes before.

. .. but also every twenty or thirty minutes in between. March 26, 2013
- - - - - - - - -

So then you know you have the coconut cream to put with it, you have to squeeze some
lime juice with it -- and that fruit meal is coming up next. Some people can have their
meat meal and wait two and a half hours and eat their cheese and sip sport formula,
milk or milkshakes in between. Let's say you're doing the cheese every 20 minutes -- at
the top of the hour you have the cheese and 10 minutes after that you sip ounce or 2
ounces of fluid, either the milk, milkshake or sport formula -- 10 minutes after that
cheese again -- 10 minutes after that, sipping again -- 10 minutes after that cheese again -

people have it every once an hour. That’s up to you. The people in this last year which
I've seen now more people doing it. June 22, 2013

So after you have the honey and cheese and you know you can have 3 tablespoons of
cheese with 2 and 1/2 to 3 teaspoons of honey. Then about every -- this depends upon
you and what you're willing to do - cheese going through like a train picking up the
poisons up all day long. Because when I look into the irises, that intestinal belt all around
the pupil is everyone's darkest area. That's because of the mercury and all those poisons
have tattooed into the intestinal lining and everybody's throwing off mercury,
formaldehyde and aluminum constantly into their food. Well if you have cheese going
through there every few minutes, every 15 minutes, every 20 minutes -- 15 minutes
would be 4 x’s an hour you have a little cube, every 20 minutes would be 3 x’s an hour a
little cube, every 30 minutes would be 2 cubes an hour. 45 minutes would be two cubes
every 2 hours -- so you pick how you want to do it every half hour would be two cubes. So
you pick how you want to do it. June 22, 2013

How many eggs should people eat in a day?
That depends on the size of the person. For someone very short maybe 6 a day, to tall 12
a day. Some men who are very tall eat up to 28 eggs a day. If you whip or blend an egg by
itself, you destroy 3 enzymes which prevent cancer from developing or maturing or
continuing, so it is best to not whip or blend it at all. Just break it into a glass and eat or
suck it out of the egg with 2 holes in each end. !0 minutes later either have a tablespoon
of cream or half tablespoon of honey and butter mixture. If you blend the eggs with
butter, milk or cream, it coats that protein enzyme so it doesn't get oxidized. May 2, 2004

The cheese will absorb it, depending upon the toxicity of the person. I recommend
people eat a little sugar-cubed size amount of cheese with just half a tsp. every 15 to 60
minutes, depending upon the individual. October 14, 2012

You set your alarm for three hours and then you sleep five hours. Or you set your alarm
for five hours and then get up and sleep three hours. Some people if they're hyper active
they wake after five hours and they drink a half a cup of milk or suck an egg for the
protein, they can't go back to sleep so they set their alarm for three hours. Then they eat
and they get to sleep five hours. 2000

I wouldn’t eat eggs and meat if I go to sleep with it. Cheese with honey, might be okay,
because you’ll digest some of the protein, but probably I wouldn’t do that. I would eat
cheese and an egg, cheese in a milkshake, or cheese and meat. February 22, 2009

You can eat cheese, butter and honey together and go back to sleep. Cheese on its own
won’t be digested. Vegetable juice is fine and you can have cheese first. If you’re really
hungry and you’re not thinking well - you’ve got brain loss from protein, or it makes you
hyper, it makes your heart pound hard, it makes you nervous, you start shaking and it
gives you blood pressure, then put an egg in. June 22, 2013

What’s the best middle of the night meal?
The best middle of the night meal is something with protein in it. No vegetable juices. It
isn't going to satisfy your protein need. So eat eggs, meats or milkshakes.
February 22, 2009

So you're going to be tired and smoking and caffeine and theobromine, chocolate and all
those stimulants are not taking care of anemia. They are just masking the symptoms;
eating takes care of anemia. So in the middle of the night have something to eat - a
couple of eggs, some cheese honey and milk, half a cup of milkshake, cup of milkshake,
whatever it is - and go back to sleep. If you're a hyperactive person very physically
oriented, set your alarm for 3 hours after you go to sleep, eat then and go back to sleep.
Nobody but me is energized after 3 hours; everybody wants to go right back to sleep;
three hours is not enough sleep. If you wake after 5 hours and eat and you are highly
energetic, you’re going to have too much energy to go back to sleep on this diet. So it’s
better you wake after a few hours’ sleep for a longer period, 3 hours 5 hours sleep then
get up and eat again and that's the process.
Rather than talking about each thing individually, I decided to put it all in the diet - about
the lime juice, the cheese and everything - so you understand how it works. The cheese
going through you cleans up the garbage so it doesn't get into your food and back into
your body. June 22, 2013

So how can you blend the eggs without oxidizing? Can you just like take a fork, and slowly...?
No, if you want to blend them in something, then add a little bit of cream or milk or
something that will coat the egg white so it doesn't oxidize.
Is it better to have the whites and the yolks separately in separate meals?
No. It's better to have them together, except for one person I suggested to have them

separate. May 6, 2000

I eat up to fifty eggs a day - never had a biotin deficiency. So it's only in a laboratory and
its bullshit.
So it's a bunch of bologna then?
Ab solutely. Egg is the most digestible fat and protein on this planet. You can digest an
egg in twenty seven minutes. Milk is the next most quickly-digesting nutrient in six to ten
hours. Twenty seven minutes for an egg; that's phenomenal. So your body is only using
about two to five inches of your small intestine to absorb and digest all that protein and
fat. So your body gets all these rich nutrients without having to labor in digestion,
August 24, 2008

In the recipe book I give several plans for what the best cycle plan is for your body,
starting with the vegetable juice to get the enzymes and vitamins and minerals going in
the body which will alkalinize the blood after a long period of sleep - because after 5
hours out, blood becomes cannibalistic and becomes very acid after 5 hours, so I
recommend that people set an alarm, wake themselves after 5 hours and eat an egg or
something, and go back to sleep. May 2, 2004

The mucus is what draws those poisons out – it chelates with it; binds with it; helps
remove it. So, lots of cheese is always the first thing to do. Draw the poisons out – absorb
them.
So, cheese with the honey at the same time to re-mineralize?
Yes, you utilize the cheese as a nutrient when you have honey with it.
So, that all day long?
No, you can just have that twice a day. Let’s say after a meat meal. You just need a small
amount to do that. July 20, 2008

It is always one third honey to the cheese. So it’s one tablespoon of cheese to one
teaspoon of honey. Sometimes I tell people they can use even less honey. But that’s the
highest ration, three to one. February 22, 2009

Cheese and honey as a remedy

Fresh grapefruit juice gave me sharp pains. I took cream and that helped but still hurts.
You just stripped the nerves of fat around the kidneys. That’s why I say never drink fruit
juices. Put hot water bottle on the area and sip at least a tablespoon of cream every

hour. Clay won’t help that. Cheese and honey will help. ... a tablespoon of cheese with
half a teaspoon of honey every hour. You could alternate with cream. Cream with the
juice would have avoided the problem. You were a vegetarian for a very long time – why
didn’t you drink the cream first? May 20, 2012

Bone broth?
Eat your cheese and honey together. There’s nothing in a bone that will do anything
different or better. Marrow is different. It’s the only place you’re going to get a lot of stem
cells. March 26, 2013

I s there anything I can put with meat to make it taste better?
No, you've got to eat it just the worst it tastes, and you’ve got to let it rot for 5 weeks
before you eat it. Ha ha ha. No, you can blend...you need tomatoes, and you need them
on a daily basis. Blend tomatoes and cheese together, put onion in it, garlic in it,
whatever sauce you like, throw it together. Tomato and cheese is a good one for you. And
like I say, the garlic or onion too. This makes a very tasty meat. 1999

Eggs with fruit?

Not a good idea. You are not going to digest the egg very well, except for specific
combinations like the papaya custard in the recipe book. Papaya has papain that helps
digest the protein in the egg. Pineapple’s OK, too. With eggs I don’t suggest many other
fruits. Blueberries sometimes help to detoxify certain conditions but then we’re getting
into specifics of metal detoxification where you need the egg fats and egg protein along
with it to keep from doing damage to the body when the cream and butter won’t do it
alone. There’s a lot of fat in an egg and some people that are very dry, have psoriasis,
eczema or nerve damage like MS or MD [ multiple sclerosis or muscular dystrophy ] –- I’ll ask
them to put half a teaspoon of cream with each egg. But that’s very specific for certain
people. January 9, 2011

... pears are good for you, apples once in a while... cantaloupe... most of your melons, not
so much watermelon. Have cantaloupe, muskmelon, honeydew in small amounts. Don't
have any more than a thin wedge of it at a time. And make sure it's with cheese or
something to really slow it down. November 7, 1999

Cheese with meat
I would feed animals toxic substances with and without...that was in food. I wouldn’t
purposefully poison them right off. I would take foods from a regular supermarket like
meats that had hormones and other toxins injected into them for growth and for so-
called immunity. I would find that if the group that I fed only the meats, a lot of that
toxicity remained in their bodies that I analyzed in that meat that I was feeding them.
And in the animals that I fed either butter or some cream or cheese along with the meats
discarded most of those toxins out the feces. Interview: Joanne Unleashed

Eggs and milk
Eggs and milk act together as the best [ way of ] mucus forming, because you can make
lots of mucus. But it would have a short fiber. May 21, 2000

Egg yolk by itself

Doesn’t the fat in egg yolks make the bile? Can you just eat yolk by itself?
Not a good idea. You won’t digest much of the fat as it takes protein to digest fat. Your
liver makes bile to digest fat...and vice versa.

Eggs with Honey or Meat

When the bees collect the honey, they swallow it in their stomach. In their stomachs, they
produce an insulin-like substance which converts 90% of the carbohydrates, which is
sugar, to a protein catalyst... good to eat with meat, good to eat with eggs.
January 22, 2000

Cheese, dates and butter together will pull out poison even better. September 26, 2010

Butter with cheese
Could you add butter with the cheese?
Adding butter to the cheese is ok. You should do it since you’re so thin. So, that will
absorb the toxins. October 14, 2012

Figs with cheese
Figs are the highest alkalinizing fruit. And if dry, won’t have enough water to incite

detoxification. A fig will act like a date as long as you’re eating with cheese and/or butter
again... So dates can be used as milk as long as eaten with cheese and/or butter.
May 20, 2012

I’ve become very addicted to dates. That's probably the worst thing I could eat, right?
Actually, it isn't. But if you'll eat it with butter or coconut cream or avocado or whole
coconut, some intense fat with it, you won't eat many. But if you're eating dates alone,
you're going to eat and eat and eat and eat and eat.
Almost like a candy bar.
Yes. Well if you have it with the fat, then a very little will satisfy you. Or even cheese, eat it
with cheese. Eat it with cheese and butter, cheese and coconut cream, anything, or
cheese and coconut. It will make you satisfied. November 7, 1999

Can you eat eggs with a meat meal?
Yes, most of the time I mix them, like steak and eggs, and honey and butter, or hot sauce
and eggs, I almost always eat eggs with my meat. May 2, 2004

If I start eating any cheese at all, I find myself binging on it. It's a brick at a time.
But that's because you're going for the cheese like that. I was just going to say, if you
grate some with your meat, then that'll be fine. That's not necessarily a bad thing,
because you just need a lot in there to chelate with the toxicity that dumps into the
stomach. But binging on it is probably not a good balanced diet for you.
No it's not.
So if you shave it off and have it with your food, you won't be able to eat more meat by
grating your cheese on it but just let that be the condiment on your food ... to entice you
to eat more food, but not cheese. It'll even taste better that way. May 6, 2000

Apples? If you're eating it with cheese, I would say it's okay. May 6, 2000

What about pineapple?
OK, if you're going to have small amounts. Let's say you had ¼” circular slice, half of that,
once a day, with cheese or cream or something like that would be OK. But I wouldn't have
it every day. I'd have it every other day. Otherwise you're going to have swelling there and
any swelling is going to cause rupturing. May 6, 2000

[ Reminders from The Recipe for Living Without Disease :]
Fruit with fat
As I stated, high-carbohydrate fruit should always be eaten with a raw fat, such as raw
cream, raw coconut cream, unsalted raw butter, avocado, or a combination of unsalted
raw butter and no-salt-added raw cheese. The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Alkaline fruits
such as bananas, peaches and figs, should not be consumed more than once a day, and
should not be consumed with meat. They should be eaten with coconut cream, coconut,
avocado, unsalted raw butter, raw cream, no-salt-added raw cheese or occasionally raw
eggs. The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Acidic fruits
such as lemon, lime, pineapple and tangerine, may be consumed with fowl or fish when
in combination with an added fat, such as raw cream, unsalted raw butter, no-salt-
added raw cheese, coconut cream, coconut or avocado.
The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Cheese with honeycomb
Yeah. And if it becomes too dry if you're chewing it, put a little cheese in your mouth to
eat with it, or any food. And it'll chew, and it'll go down. November 7, 1999

Okay. You should not drink vegetable juice, with any kind of protein. Vegetable juice
should be had alone or with fat only. Like raw cream or coconut cream. If you combine
vegetable juice with milk, where there's protein in it, with any kind of meat, no matter
whether it's seafood, fowl, or red meat, you're going to have an acid and an alkaline in
the stomach at the same time, and they're going to neutralize each other, and neither
are going to digest. The only time that I recommend that they're eaten together is like
eggs and milk and vinegar and cream is when someone gets really backed up, stopped
up. None of that digests together. So it'll just flush right through.
So you don't even combine eggs and milk?
Yeah, ... eggs and milk; they're both acids.
And they're both proteins.
Right, they're both acids, so they're great together. May 6th, 2000

For those people, like I say in the book, have only two to four ounces [ of milk ] daily for
three months and it [ body reaction from earlier pasteurized dairy ] will go away. Probably I
have talked with 50 people who have been like that out of probably 20,000, and all of
them drink milk now without any problem. Well, really in cheese you don’t digest much
of it anyway unless you eat honey with it. It’s mainly a vacuum and a magnet to pull the
poisons out of the body. When you eat honey with it, it’s a great mineral supplement. It’s
your best mineral supplement there is. Interview: Joanne Unleashed

You can regenerate cells that are already alive, with eggs and milk, but you cannot
cause rapid cellular division like a child does unless you are eating raw meat.
August 24, 2008

What is the purpose of eating chicken as part of the flu formula regime?
Well, that’s because usually the body is trying to heal itself and it needs some extra
proteins. Usually the proteins in the eggs are enough because you are having lots of
milkshakes and a smoothie - two to three milkshakes a day and one smoothie. That’s a
lot of eggs. It should be enough protein. However, if the body needs to restructure a
cell and start healing quicker you need meat to do that. The body does not produce
growth hormones with egg protein for some reason, November 18, 2007

Honey can be eaten with cheese, but if you're pigging out on both, just remember that
the honey works on proteins. And you can't count cheese as a protein, even though
there's protein in it, because when protein has been dehydrated like in a cheese, the fat
and the minerals become the predominant active ingredient in cheese. Honey isn't going
to help you digest very much of the cheese, because it digests protein well. May 6, 2000

Small amounts of cheese to absorb poisons
Regarding the raw cheese regimen that you recommended for me and others: nuts and bolts –
how much leeway? For instance – do you always eat the cheese before a drink or a meal? Do
you always eat it a half hour regardless of when you eat that sugar-cube that you’ve
mentioned?
No, I recommend that people eat small amounts of cheese to absorb the poisons that
are constantly dumping into the stomach and intestines. That’s not the normal route;
that’s not the healthy route for toxins to leave the body – 90% of toxins are supposed to
leave through the skin. Because the lymph systems are so blocked – the connective
tissue is so jammed with trans-fatty acids which are plastic fats that you’ve all been raised

on – donuts, chips, french fries – anything that’s been fried and heavy with carbohydrates
then fried in a trans-fatty oil. Trans-fatty oil means the oils that have been hydrogenated
and hydrogenation is a process of making into plastic. So, trans-fatty acids are plastic fats

Just cheese to absorb, so you’re using the cheese without honey to absorb the toxins,
February 22, 2009

The cheese is medicinal. You lose the ability to digest it but it acts as a magnet as it goes
through. It starts in the mouth with your blood stream, your neurological system and
your lymph system. It moves throughout the entire intestinal wall and digestive tract
walls. The cheese acts as a magnet and will draw poisons out of those three fluid
systems. September 9, 2007

That raw, unsalted cheese – what exactly does it do?
It absorbs the poisons [ stored in your stomach lining ] that are dumping in the hydrochloric
acid so you don’t digest them.
Can you add butter to the cheese?
You can add butter but wait 12-15 minutes after that to eat. September 26, 2010

I went on the Primal [Diet] and I did really well. Because I gave up gluten this back pain that I
had had for 30 years went away. And recently it’s coming back when I eat cheese, so now I
think I have to give up dairy because I’m afraid I might have an intolerance to the casein in the
dairy.
...o nly if it’s cooked. ...only if it’s pasteurized and homogenized.
I’’ve heard that even if it’s raw, if you have...
... not true. I’ve never met anybody who’s truly allergic to raw dairy. A lot of people who
have symptoms of it, even when they drink the raw dairy at first it’s because the old
casein and lactate that was cauterized from pasteurization is still in their body, usually in
the liver or in the pancreas.
Joanne: So just go for it, huh?
Eat cheese often, so your body is not using your key minerals to bind with the

poisons. When you’re eating the cheese and honey together, you’re filling your body with
tremendous amounts of ... If you’ve got a real serious problem at any particular time, you
do that three times a day: twice after a meat meal because you’re only having one meat
meal a day – that means you have to take it two other times – and the middle of the night
is the one time in the middle of the night that is best. And that’ll help if you stick with it.
October 14, 2012

How do you remove the bodily burden of toxins?
Aajonus: Loooooonnnnggg process. Cheese will act as an attractor. So let’s say you put
cheese in your mouth and you’ve got all of your fluid systems passing through all tissue
at all times. So in the mouth the circulation of blood, lymphatic, and neurological fluids
are passing through. So while you eat the cheese or butter or anything, you can attract
these poisons out of the systems. The cheese will attract it all the way through the
intestinal tract until it’s out the rectum. And it will just collect all along the way. If you’re
very, very toxic, you have fibromyalgia, cancer, anything like that or arthritis, rheumatism,
then eating cheese on an hourly basis—and it just takes a small amount, a sugar-cubed
size amount like a half a teaspoon. For some people who are larger, of course, they may
need up to a teaspoon or more every hour—it will help pull these toxins out of those
fluid systems. Interview: Joanne Unleashed

I have a client - another one in Massachusetts - who is a very wealthy, influential woman,
and both a public nature, and she's on the diet, and I was telling to eat the raw eggs, and
she has a scientist friend who is a very elderly doctor and is 80. And he's done all this
research and he said that is true, people should eat raw eggs, why didn't I think about it?
We found enzymes and protein in a raw egg white that is destroyed by oxygen, and we've
been trying to figure out how to...and it dissolves cancer. Cancer cannot live in an
environment with these enzymes and proteins. So if you just eat the egg without
whipping it, it won't be destroyed by the oxygen. If you blend it with cream or milk or
something like that, that'll prevent it from oxidizing. But when you have it alone, you
should not whip it. Article on emphysema

I’d say 87% of the people I see have that chemical soup in their stomach lining. Every
time you eat, your body is going to get rid of a little bit of that at a time and it’s going to
poison the rest of the body as the food digests. However, when you eat raw, no-salt
cheese ten minutes before, it will not digest; it comes out almost exactly the way it went

in, in my laboratory analysis of feces. ...unless you eat honey with the cheese. When you
directly mix cheese with honey, it doesn’t come out but stays in the body. Then you’ll be
reabsorbing, re-ingesting, the poisons. September 26, 2010

I leave my cheese out at room temperature. All the oils come out; it is not dry. My body
absorbs everything it can. And sometimes you take water and you mix cement and what
happens? It absorbs and dries the water. So the oils do the same thing; you’ve got lots of
these toxic minerals; they're being thrown into the bowel. And all this fatty cheese,
absorbs it. It hardens it. The other reason you have a lot of firm feces is because you’re
absorbing everything you're eating. It’s a good thing. June 16, 2 013

[ The dryer the cheese is, ] the less you will digest of it. That acts as a magnet and a sponge
and will carry toxins out through the fecal matter. If you eat honey in the same mouth
bite with cheese, the cheese will digest because you're adding enzymes to it that are lost
by dehydration. So if you need a good mineral supplement, you don't go to rock; some
mineral supplement, its rock. Plants eat rock, you don't eat rock.
[Laughter]
So you take a mineral supplement that’s rock and you’re not going to digest it; you’re not
a plant. It’s the most absurd thing in the world. I see tons of people with rusting iron,
iodine, patina'ed copper in their systems because they're taking these supplements and
it’s ludicrous. Take cheese and honey and eat them together in your mouth at the same
times. Don't think of that as eating something with honey in it - like if you’re having a
milkshake with honey in it, you have cheese with the milk shake. No, the honey is already
working on the fats in the milkshake. They combine immediately so eating something
with honey in it and eating the cheese with it will not help the cheese digest. Cheese and
the honey have to be together in your mouth at the same time then you will digest the
minerals in the cheese and it will be a concentrated mineral supplement. Sept 9, 2007

Remember, when you’re detoxing cheese it is not to be digested; it’s to absorb the
poisons and move out. So, if you’re using raw no-salt raw cheese you won’t digest it –
there are no enzymes in it. But, the body will use it to absorb those toxins and move out
the bowels. If you eat honey with it, that’s to digest the cheese. You don’t want to digest
your poisons – re-digest your poisons. So, when I tell you to have cheese for
detoxification it’s without fruit or honey.
With that volume of cheese that you’ve been talking about for a couple of hours here – I’ve
tried eating cheese with butter; it doesn’t seem to do anything. Cheese just creates a kind of...
Jim, you were one of the most fat-deficient persons I’ve ever met. It’s going to take you

another 10 years to catch up on getting the fats that – the butter in your system – the fats
that you need. October 14, 2012

You told me to do eggs two days a week. Can I drink anything with those eggs or eat any fruit?
If you do, you’re not going to gain on your weight loss. Remember eggs eaten with other
food causes weight gain, eggs eaten alone causes weight loss. November 18, 2007

It would be naive to assume that all raw milk used for production of cheese is always
free of pathogens. However, there is good evidence that any pathogens present are
unlikely to survive the cheese production process.
This conclusion is supported by work in Switzerland in which Campylobacter
jejunum, Staphylococcus aureus, E. coli, Listeria monocytogenes and Salmonella
typhimurium were inoculated into raw milk at the beginning of cheese production along
with the starter. The cheeses were hard (Emmenthaler-type) and semi-hard (Tilsiter-type)
manufactured individually in a special cheese-making system that was completely self-
contained. In this exercise the most resistant strain for each species was selected and the
amounts were added to obtain 104 - 106 cfu. [ colony-forming unit ]
The results showed that none of the inoculated potentially pathogenic bacteria, except
for a low number of Staphylococcus aureus could be found in the experimental hard
cheese one day after manufacture. All subsequent determinations were free of
potentially pathogenic bacteria and toxins.
It is important to have an effective starter culture both to provide good quality cheese
and to prevent the growth of pathogens. Lactic acid is especially effective in combating
pathogenic bacteria.
It should be apparent that the case for requiring all cheese to be made from pasteurized
milk does not stand up to rigorous examination. Article: Raw Milk and Cheese Production

The blood is the fastest moving, the neurological is next and if you look at the impulses in
the neurological with the transmission of light and electricity and of course that is the
faster moving. But the flow of the fluids is fastest in blood, second in neurological fluids
and third in lymph. Lymph is very slow. And all of those get sticky and slow even more
and in the neurological system, the synapse fire and they skid because they keep sticking
to the axon or ganglia walls so the thought process isn’t good. Suck a few eggs! ... My size,
I will have 3 – 4 in the morning. I could have 5 – 6 in the morning just to make sure that

you have all that brain fuel that has no stickiness to it. And the most concentrated and
best nutrients for the whole body are in eggs. So it does perfectly. That is what we want
to do: get the brain and nervous system going and focused. That will all take care of your
energy level too. You’ll see that it goes up. You don’t need coffee, you don’t need anything
like that. If you do, just have some vegetable juice after you have your eggs. If you are
highly toxic, you will need vegetable juice. If you feel blah..., lackadaisical – the have some
vegetable juice. About 20 minutes after you finish your eggs, have a little piece of cheese

What I don’t understand stand is we have toxins that are distributed throughout our body,
right, because they get past the intestinal wall into the bloodstream or whatever. So how does
consuming fat in your mouth that’s in your digestive tract pull out those toxins from the body?

It doesn’t pull them out necessarily. Well, cheese will. But what happens is the body is
wise. Your white blood cells are fatty cells basically. That’s why they call them white blood
cells, because they’re predominantly fat cells. And they consume toxicity. They’re
phagocytes. Phago means “to eat,” and they eat toxicity. They consume it. So that is fat.
Also, your body uses fat molecules to attract and bind or capture toxins and hold them.
Interview: Joanne Unleashed

Your body secretes hydrochloric acid that’s to dissolve larger pieces of protein meats, so
you’re eating cheese to help you break down clumps of protein. May 27, 2012

...like I did in autopsies – I put the hydrochloric acid from the stomachs of 32 cadavers
and I put it on different foods to see what it would break down – it did not but barely etch
vegetables and fruit. When I put the hydrochloric acid on meat it went right into it. Put it
on nuts, it barely etched. Softer nuts it helped a little bit, but not a lot. Only on dairy
products and meat and eggs did it react almost completely and thoroughly.
Aajonus’s hard drive

Hey, Aajonus – you said that the fat will absorb some [poisons]. Now by some – do you mean
¼, ½, ¾?
That depends on how concentrated the poisons are. You’ve got five times the pesticides -
that’s normal in commercial. In your organic, you could even eat probably five tbsp.
butter with a ½ pint of berries and not clear it all. You have cheese with it you’re likely to
clear it all.
Oh, really? Oh.
...cheese and butter; cheese and cream. October 14, 2012

RAW EGGS, Free-Range, are one of the best compact foods in nature. Eggs are the
ultimate complete fast-food. However, the protein in eggs is not utilized for cellular
reproduction. They are utilized for regeneration and maintenance and cannot be

You said we use metal to transfer light in the body? Is that like negative or positive heavy
metals?
It is light that makes communication in our bodies, not just electricity. Just remember
when metals are properly absorbed in food with all the other ions other minerals and
vitamins, none of them are free radicals. Mercury, iron, lead - no matter what - in trace
amounts they’re all utilizable for benefit. Anything that’s industrially chemicalized and
concentrated is a free radical and causes heavy damage. [ A free radical is any atom or
molecule that has a single unpaired electron in an outer shell ]. So you have a free radical
damaging everything it passes through. So to help neutralize that you need things like
pineapple, vinegar, coconut cream, berries, eggs - any of the chelators that have certain
amino acids. That‘s in the newsletter coming out, all those ingredients. Anyway, you mix
those like in a sports formula. I don’t exercise so the sports formula is no big deal for
me. I make a quart with almost the same ingredients but with a mixture of berries –
blueberries, whey, milk, vinegar, lime juice, eggs –make it almost a smoothie – to chelate.

Is this the same formula you mentioned last week against mercury in vaccines?
This is the same formula but with the coconut cream and four eggs. I’m making a
quart. The formula I gave you is not a whole quart. February 3, 2 013

So for weight loss should I have this first thing in the morning instead of juice?
I would say always have cheese first thing in the morning no matter what, to absorb the
poisons dumped from the stomach lining. Then juice after you have the cheese. Then
sip all day but let at least a half hour pass between sports drink and meat. Have a half-
cup of milk before bed. If wake up at night, suck an egg. The body has to go five hours
before protein deficiency and the red blood cells start eating each other. If you can’t get
back to sleep, have another half cup of milk. May 20, 2012

I've been doing the juice and egg and juice and meat rotation. ... coupla things....The first
coupla days I lost like a whole size and was incredibly hungry all the time. Is this just caloric
restriction or what exactly is causing the weight loss?
The body begins to utilize its toxic carb-storages along with the enormous water-
retention involved with carb-storages. Then it begins to dissolve the toxic fat storages
that don't require as much water-retention. Aajonus’s hard drive

After you gain all the weight you start a diet of minimal food. You start off with a cup of
vegetable juice. Then you wait until you are very hungry, not stupid hungry or irritable
hungry but very hungry then you have one egg rocky style. I do not want to hear wipe-
outs here.
Can I whip it with something?
No. Eat the egg raw straight down. Then when you get hungry again you have another
vegetable juice and you do that all day long until you go to sleep.
So it is juice-egg-juice-egg-juice-egg-juice. Then ready for bed. Some people only get
through 2 eggs a day and some only get through 3 a day.
The next day it is juice and meat (a golf ball sized amount of meat). It is juice-meat-juice-
meat-juice-meat... the same thing again.
So it is 1 day with the egg and juice and 2 days with the meat and juice. Then you are
back to the egg and juice again. ...2 days with the meat and juice. And you continue that

for as long as it takes you to drop that weight. Aajonus’s hard drive

The second one [ weight loss program ] that I give to a lot of people is: juice-egg-juice-meat-
juice-egg day. The next day I give: juice-meat-juice-egg-juice. You know one day you will
start with the egg after the juice and one day you will start with the meat after the juice.
Some people are so toxic and their lymphatic system is so congested that I will have
them eat two days of the egg and then two days with the meat. Or, one day with the
meat and two days with the egg, depending upon – but that is an individual thing for
those weight loss programs. November 17, 2000

So you eat lots of eggs and meat without much fat to pull the fats off of the body, if you
want to lose weight. November 18, 2007

I've been doing raw eggs every half an hour, the last four weeks. Uh, and since then, I've been
100%. But how do I... I'm not doing as much butter and cream since I been doing this way,
and I want to do butter, especially butter. Where do I put that in there? I do the custard at
night time, but during the day, where I have all this egg stuff.....cream..?
Are you doing it just to lose the weight, all the eggs? And to bring your digestion up to par?
Well, I couldn't get into.... and I was always hungry, and I didn't, I should have meat all the
time, but I thought this way I could do it, by having egg every half an hour so I can, I was just
going to have no desire to eat any quick food or junk food. But I want to have the butter and
cream with it. And.... how would I do that??
Well, I would just make the lubrication formula. That's always the way you'll digest the
quickest and the best. September 9, 2007

In the recipe book, under weight loss, you have meat without any kind of fat with it,
except for a little bit just so you don’t dry out completely. So you eat lots of eggs and

November 18, 2007

Simplified weight loss: juice–meat–juice–egg– juice... and when you get down the last few
pounds that you cannot lose then do juice–meat–meat–juice... Aajonus’s hard drive.

First you lose weight then you gain?

No, first you just stay where you are for about 8-10 weeks. And then you take it off. Now
to put it on, milk and eggs together, lots of eggs, eggs and meat together, fat with
everything. That'll help you put it on. That'll stabilize your system, relax your nervous
system, stabilize your nervous system, your brain function, everything. And when you
detox, there are several methods. But basically what you do is, one day you'll drink a cup
of vegetable juice, when you're very hungry, 1 egg, when you're very hungry, another cup
of vegetable juice, when you're very hungry, another egg. So what you're doing is egg,
juice, egg, juice, etc, until you go to sleep. But you always wait until you're very hungry.
The next day, you have the same thing, only instead of egg you have an egg-sized
amount of meat. You can have the meat with a sauce if you want. Like a salsa which
doesn't have fat in it. Blend tomato and onion, maybe 1/4 tsp of lemon juice in that.
May 6, 2000

...It means when you get hungry [ during weight loss ] whether it is mental or physical. Only
an hour has to go by. Nobody usually gets hungry within an hour eating the raw
foods. Sometimes after the first juice an hour can seem like forever. But once you have
either your raw egg or your golf ball size of raw meat that usually makes the
transition. So every hour you can be eating. From Aajonus’s hard drive

You said you eat eggs with a meal to gain weight right?
Yeah, but sometimes when you can’t digest, you have to just eat a lot of eggs...
Okay.
...by themselves. For me it’d be twenty two eggs a day, I lose weight. If I eat twenty four a
day I don’t lose weight but I force my body to heal, to cleanse and heal rapidly and only
focus on that so that I can go back to eating meat and I can digest it.
So when he has a situation like that he needs to eat as much eggs so he doesn’t lose
weight, maybe even gains a little bit of it if he eats enough of them, until he can digest
properly and can eat properly.
So you just eat the eggs and nothing else?
Well, he might still want, you know...usually when you’re having eggs you’re going to get
very dry. The body starts using a tremendous amount of H2O with it. So you may need to
just sip on you know like a tablespoon of milk every twenty minutes just to keep
hydrated and the coconut cream on the lips, little bit of honey with some coconut cream
on the lips and on the tongue, just to keep moisturized. November 18, 2007

When I'm recommending for somebody who's ill, I recommend a routine, a schedule:
usually 3 meat meals a day, sometimes more. But there's a pattern. ...Juice, egg, meat,
juice, egg, meat, juice before you go to bed. But 3 cycles of that is best. However people
who are working can't do that. So they'll just do a 2-cycle. And they'll just have more of
everything at a time. That's great for the putting-on-weight cycle. But for the taking-off
cycle, that's difficult, because you're only allowed to have no more than 2 eggs at a time,
it's preferable to have only one egg. Because you want to just keep the blood level fine so
that it has something so it doesn't starve. But you'll take the weight off, start using old
fats. [ I recommend this ] because I don't like to panic the body. 1999

Then after 3- 4 - 5 days you will break it. Then you will find that you go 2-3 hours between
meals. It just means that you will be doing the weight loss 4-5 days longer.
Aajonus’s hard drive

Like I say to people, I like people to gain 15-30 lbs overweight in a 3 month period and to
take it off in a 3 month period.
Also remember that in the last session two months ago, I was told of people who were
doing it in a 6-9 week period. They gained the 15-30 lbs. in a 6-8 period and took it off in a
6 - 8 week period. Those people have been getting well faster.
So it is time for me to start taking it off?
Take it off.
Taking it off means just eating less fat?
Well, I would not say that. It is eating less food period. What I do, depending on the
individual, is basically you have some juice until you are very hungry. You have an egg.
Wait until you are very hungry again and have some juice–egg–juice–egg–juice, with the
juice having lime juice in it. Juice the rind and all. So you are having juice-egg-juice-egg-
juice and waiting until you are very hungry until you eat. The next day it is juice and
either a golf-ball-to-egg sized amount of meat. So it is juice-meat-juice-meat-juice. And
depending on the individual it may be one day juice-egg-juice –egg and the next day
juice-meat-juice-meat. Other people I will put two days of juice-meat and one day of
juice-egg.
And no cream and no milk?
Have a glass of milk every 4 days if you are getting whacked out – if you are getting
unstable or unhappy. One glass of milk will stabilize.
Is it because of the calories you burn?

Yes, it is because of the calories.
I would put the egg into the milk.
On the detox [ weight loss ] diet, it is about having the egg alone. Or else It will take you a
lot longer to lose the weight.
On the weight loss program do you use honey to digest the proteins?
You only put the honey in the juice. You do not want any help now. I want your body to
do it.
Can you take that egg that you eat and chase it with milk?
That is fine when you are on the detox [ weight loss ] diet. But you are only eating one egg
at a time. Aajonus’s hard drive

This is for taking it [ weight ] off. Taking it off, you have nothing but juice and eggs or juice
and meat, and never together. You have to do the eggs rocky style. That means you take
a cup of juice, when you get hungry, hour or two later, you suck an egg or two, usually
one if you want to lose the weight faster. If you want to do it slower, have 2 eggs at a time.
Then wait until you get hungry again, then you have juice, and then you have egg again.
Or, you have juice, and then you have a golf ball size or an egg size of meat then juice.
When you get hungry again, meat again. And just keep alternating. And that's all you eat
for months. The healing is incredible. The detoxification and the weight loss is incredible.
1999

One way to take it [ weight ] off is to eat 1-2 eggs blended with 5 oz of vegetable juice. The
vegetable juice should be 80% celery and 20 % parsley. 1-2 eggs depending on if you are a male
or female or large person. If you are a small person, eat one egg. If you want to lose more weight
then 1 egg. The next day eat only meat and water - as much meat as you like with a sound mind
and sound body. You need to put a hot water bottle on your tummy at night, not too hot, but you
got a lot of congestion in there and the circulation is poor in your intestines and that will help put
it back together. Watermelon is also good for you in the summer. 1999

Gaining weight when it is time to gain weight?
If you eat foods alone, nothing is going to be slow in digestion. It will be easily assimilated
and you will not put on weight. So when you are on the weight gaining cycle it is good to
mix your milk, eggs, butter with the meat, etc. All that fat will help to chelate with those
toxins out of the rooted tissues where they have been stored for years and then you take

it off. May 21, 2000

Always eat lots of extra butter with your meat. You’ll know that the meat won’t go into
fuel to burn. Eggs? Okay. Cheese? Doesn’t help to gain weight that much. May 23, 2010 -

Vegetable salad

A vegetable salad should not be eaten sooner than 1 hour after any other food. No other
food should be eaten within four hours after eating a vegetable salad. Non-acidic fruits
are alkaline and should not be consumed with meat, however, it may be consumed with
other animal products, such as, unsalted raw butter, raw cream, no-salt-added raw
cheese, raw eggs, and avocado no more than once a day.
Article: The Recipe for a Health Giving Paradigm

Karl wants to know what he can do to mitigate his violations during the Thanksgiving
era ...yes, poisons and enjoying it temporarily! Umm. I hate giving people those things
because then they do it more often. I would rather them to just go ahead and suffer, so
they know what is really going on. That is my desire, but I am going to go ahead and give
you the information and then you can make an intelligent choice about it. ... lots of
proteins and fats before you go and eat something like that. The day before stay away
from fruit and have lots of meat; various kinds of meat – fowl, red meat and the
seafood... lots of fat the day before and that day. Eat and eat. And if you want to become
a bulimic for the day, that is your best way out. If you do not then the next few days you
better eat a lot of eggs and a lot more fat and protein afterwards. November 17, 2000

Eat before exercise?
How much should I eat and how long before exercise?
That depends on what activity you’re doing. If you’re going to do a high-end activity like
soccer, it’s a good idea to finish eating at least 20 minutes before playing. Now my
athletes – take Walker Kehrer, the number 1 high school tennis champion in the US. He
had asthma when they first brought him to me at 8 years old. When we were fighting the
county for raw milk when we lost it, he gave testimony in his weak little raspy voice. Now
he’s number 1 champion. The number 1 female athlete is also on the diet: Valerie
Ngauamo Adams. When they go to work out, they have my sport drink and that’s usually
a cup of tomato puree, cup of cucumber puree, cup of whey, a tablespoon of raw apple
cider vinegar, 1 tbl lemon juice, 1-2 teaspoons of lime juice, 2-2 ½ tablespoons of raw

honey, 2 tablespoons of dairy cream, and usually 2-3 eggs – all blended together. They’ll
sip on that quart while their competition will sometimes go through two gallons of water
in five hours. The competitors will get weak and tired as the water dilutes nutrients in
the body and dehydrates them. January 9, 2011

On the protocol, which is going well, sometimes at night I get so exhausted that I miss my, it's
like a choice, 'do I do vegetable juice or do I do meat?' because both of them aren't going to
happen because I'm so tired. In that case what should one choose?
I'd say the next day, if you've had vegetable juice and you've had no energy, I would do
the meat meal. And maybe have the vegetable juice in the middle of the night with an
egg and some cream.
OK
... Cheese...vegetable juice, egg and cream in the middle of the night. June 16, 2013

You told one of my daughters that her brain was toxic and so some of the enamel on the front
of her teeth was missing. What can she do for that?
Well, she has to eat lots of cheese. She has to eat cheese like every 30 minutes – a little
sugar-cubed size 9 ½ tsp. May 27, 2012

- - - - - - - - -
Well, he is also a carpenter and a builder so until up to a week ago he did not use a mask
when he was doing wall boarding, or sawing, or anything. He is going to be bringing that
stuff up for years. Of course he needs lots of eggs and lots of milk together to create
more mucus to get it up. November 17, 2000

Alcohol
Wine is the only one that they do not – mostly – they do not pasteurize...
Your brain, of course, shuts down when you have alcohol – even raw alcohol. It shuts off
your discerning centers because it doesn’t want to damage those. You’ll lose your
controls. So, that’s why people get uninhibited because it shuts off those control centers.
And uninhibited is fine if you’re anal retentive, but of course we’re all anal retentive
because we’re trained to be that way. But, we’re also overly cautious in the wrong way.
So, like I said in my book: two oz., four oz., as long as you’ve eaten a lot of butter and
cheese like the French used to do. The French would always have appetizers with the
little cakes or crackers or something like that, and then put butter on that or a
cheese/butter sauce on top of that. And then they would have their wine during the
meal. So, they had all of this cheese and fat there to bind with that alcohol so it didn’t do
nerve damage and didn’t damage the pancreas, the liver, and the heart and brain.
So, alcohol is not a good thing. You can eat some without having too much damage if
you’re eating the butter and cheese before you drink it, but you have to be very careful.
October 14, 2012

I have business meeting where we go to sometimes eat food. I have as much meat as I can eat
two hours before I eat the cooked meal, along with a couple of raw eggs. ... after the cooked
meal more raw eggs.
That way you are not as hungry, so you do not glut as much on the bad food. It provides
lots of proteins and fats to bind with all the toxins. So, you will minimize the amount that
will store in the tissues. will store in the tissues
and the beer?
There is no way out of that one unless you have lots of fats in the blood. ...lots of the
eggs. That is the best thing you can do. That is a good solid cholesterol that will collect
the alcohol. Lots of eggs if you do alcohol because alcohol is one of the most destructive
foods you could eat. It damages liver cells. November 17, 2000

Can I have wine?
You can have that; just make sure you have cheese or egg. You know, a lot of people put
an egg in the beer and their wine or down an egg before. June 16, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Allergies
You need mucus to keep pollen and dust from going into the tissue or you’ll have
problems, allergies. You need mucus not just for lungs but everywhere inside the body.
Is there anything besides milkshakes to produce healthy mucus?
That is the only thing I’ve found.
And to detox the lungs, you have that egg and orange juice formula?
That helps. It’s an orange Julius so it is milk, egg, honey, cream and orange. It’s not orange
juice; it’s taking an orange and after removing the rind, blending it. You can have it once a
day. March 26, 2013

What's it mean when I have like a wheezing sound in my lungs?
It means you have no fat. You're too dry. Also could mean that the mucous isn't forming
properly.
More eggs?
Yeah. Definitely.
How many eggs about should I be having per day or week, do you have any idea?
I didn’t tell you? Let me see your hands again. 8 – 12 a day; I’d say 10-12 probably.
Thanks. May 6, 2000

Allergic to eggs?
In your recipe book everything has got eggs. I’m severely allergic to eggs.
Not raw. I’ve never met a person who is allergic to raw eggs.
... but I had salad dressing with raw egg white...
... but you’ve got salt in that dressing, and all sorts of other crap in it. Rocky style is
breaking an egg into a glass and eating it that way. This is ‘Aajonus style’ - first damage
the fatter end of the egg by hitting it flat on an eye tooth - without making a hole in it.
Then hit the other end down on a tooth to make a hole. Make sure the egg white is liquid,
not slimy. Suck slowly. Breaking this allows the membrane to move up and the egg white
to come out without the yolk bobbing up. If you feel the yolk come up, relax it, shake it a
little to free up the egg white and do it again. When you get to the yolk you won’t see any

residue because I allowed the membrane to collapse. May 23, 2010

- - - - - - - - -

Anemia or leukemia
I have a semi-constant problem with sighing and yawning. Not asthmatic.
This is an Indication of anemia or leukemia. Your red blood cells aren’t transporting
oxygen well. Eat meat and cheese, meat and bone marrow and butter. Have cheese and
honey 30 minutes after meat meal. May 20, 2012

Antibiotics
Cheese will help absorb poisons, absolutely. It should be pretty simple, because he’s not
going to digest well because he’s had a lot of antibiotics, probably intravenously too. So
the liver shakes, milk shakes, eggs, cheese. February 22, 2009

... when you take antibiotics, you've destroyed all of the bacteria that is ninety percent of
your digestion. So my father couldn't eat, he vomited anything you put into him that was
cooked. So what did I give him? I gave him a half a cup of Papaya and a milk shake. Got
better every time, didn't throw that up at all.
Milk shake with eggs and milk...
Eggs and milk and honey and cream. Extra cream.
So that's the remedy for extreme...
Papaya.
Papaya and milkshake.
Papaya yeah, cheese to help get rid of some of that antibiotic because antibiotic sticks
around a while. Don't take it. August 24, 2008

Antibiotics - Stopped eating
They put my mother on antibiotics for a year and I didn’t know about it. I got a call. They
said ‘your mom’s going to die, come, she’ll be dead in 5 days’. She stopped eating
because she couldn’t digest. When I found out about it I knew right away what to do. I fed
her custards, with papaya to help the enzymes start working again, and the butter, the
honey and the eggs - everything very easily digestible. I gave her ½ cup of that early
morning, 6am. At 10 o’clock I gave her the other ½ cup and she ate 3 meals that day.

Hospitalized, with antibiotics
Milkshakes and cheese. Milkshake and cheese, milkshake and cheese. Lots of eggs. So
let’s say, 2 milkshakes a day and let’s say, 8 – 10 eggs a day and 1 meat meal. Cheese
every 20 minutes. Just ¼ to ½ teaspoon of cheese every 20 minutes. Keep absorbing the
poisons. Have a train of the cheese going through. And a little bit of food at a time
because you’ve had antibiotics which destroy the digestive tract first. July 10, 2007

Antibiotics after surgery
...milkshakes and cheese ...milkshake and cheese, milkshake and cheese. ...lots of eggs.
So let’s say, 2 milkshakes a day and let’s say, 8 – 10 eggs a day and 1 meat meal. Cheese
every 20 minutes. Just ¼ to ½ teaspoon of cheese every 20 minutes. Keep absorbing the
poisons. Have a train of the cheese going through. July 10, 2011

Back deterioration
When the body neutralizes most toxins, it will use concentrations of minerals, resulting in
mineral collections (deposits) that stiffen a contaminated area. If a good diet is
maintained, those mineral deposits will gradually dissolve and normal mobility will be
restored. If proper minerals and fats are not supplied, the body will suffer severe cellular
damage and mineral deposits will remain. In most cases of Ankylosing Spondylitis, toxins
are not harnessed and neutralized so deterioration of vertebrae and mineralization
(permanent stiffness) occurs.
Now for nutritional suggestions: Cheese provides minerals for neutralizing toxins and
fats to absorb those toxins. Cheese is relatively easy to make, especially very dry cottage
cheese. You let the milk separate into curds and whey. Then pour all through a sock
made of white organic cotton cloth such as t-shirt material. Let it drip for at least 8 hours
but as much as several days until it is fairly dry.
I suggest that Tom eat 1 tsp. cheese every hour, alternating 1/2 tsp. butter, and 1/2 tsp.
honey. That is, he would eat 1 teaspoon cheese with 1/2 tsp. butter then one hour later,
he would eat 1 tsp. cheese with 1/2 tsp. honey, continuing that rotation throughout day
and night (when awake).
10 minutes after eating the cheese with its accompaniment every hour, I suggest that
Tom consume 1-2 eggs.
15 minutes following every egg-consumption, I suggest 1-2 T. pain formula. Here is the
pain formula I suggest for Tom: 3 eggs, 4 1/2 T. butter, 1 1/2 tsp. coconut cream, 3 T. milk,
1 1/2 T. lemon juice, 1 T. honey and 2 T. cheese.

Once daily whenever he wants, I suggest Tom consume 1 cup either chicken or fish with
1/4 cup boiled rice with its liquid and 2 T. butter. Forgo raw eggs and pain formula for
that hour.
I may not have to write this but, all the above listed foods are to be eaten without salt,
and unheated except for rice. Article: Back Deterioration

Binge
...2 eggs, and some milk, and some honey, if you do that, you won't binge on anything. It's
when you let yourself get too hungry, and then you start binging, you're going to binge
on whatever you're eating at the time. August 24, 2008

Bi-polar?
... exercise for the anxiety. ...cream to help calm the person and the nut formula or lots of
cheese to lower the hormone level. ... for the depression part of it, high meat, high eggs
and suppository. February 3, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Bi-polar and where to get coconut oil.
Not really a single condition. If someone gets hyperactive, it means he produces a lot of
hormones for physical activity: adrenalin, testosterone, estrogen. Those three produce
energy for the body to be physically active. So people who produce a lot of those
hormones need to be physically active or they can get high anxiety. Exercise is the
remedy when you’re at that end of the bi-polar. If you’re depressed, it means you have
low bacteria in your colon and you’re not feeding your brain and nervous system. So,
high eggs, high meat or do those suppositories with the fat. February 3, 2013

Blood clotting
Take about 1 tbsp of kiwi and mash it with 2tbsp of banana, and 3 drops of lime juice.
And I'd like you to mash that all together, and have it with an 1” by 1.5” cube of cheese -
Monterey or Cheddar. Monterey is a little bit preferable. That is going to create a
chemical reaction in your blood that'll stop the cells from sticking together so much.
Because they're clumping, and when they're clumping, they're not able to get to the
capillaries as well. It helps circulation. May 6, 2000

Bone problem or gout
When I’m having bone problems - because I had cancer of the blood and bone (multiple

myeloma) - sometimes I don’t eat meat for three or four days and I’ll eat dairy, dairy,
dairy, dairy. Lots of eggs and dairy and then my body will break with the meat but that’s
mainly people who have bone problems. Most people don’t need to abstain from
meat unless they have a bone problem or a gout problem; that’s fine.
November 18, 2007

Burns – First Aid

Aajonus responds to an article 'BURNS about’ which is quoted here:

BURNS

A young man sprinkling his lawn and bushes with pesticides wanted to check the contents of the barrel to see
how much pesticide remained init.
He raised the cover and lit his lighter; the vapors ignited and engulfed him.
He jumped from his truck, screaming.

His neighbor came out of her house with a dozen eggs and a bowl yelling: /"bring me some more eggs!"/
She broke them, separating the whites from the yolks.
The neighbor woman helped her to apply the whites onto the young man's face.
When the ambulance arrived and the EMTs saw the young man, they asked who had done this.
Everyone pointed to the lady in charge.
They congratulated her and said: "You have saved his face."
By the end of the summer, the young man brought the lady a bouquet of roses to thank her.
His face was like a baby's skin.

Here is Aajonus’s response:

It depends on the degree of burn. 1.5 degrees it works well without scarring. 2-3 degree
burns will be soothed but usually scarring occurs.
It is always best to apply a cloth with cold milk in it to stop burning. Egg white does not
stop burn unless they are refrigerated but then they lack nutrients to feed skin cells to
prevent scarring. Cells under each layer absorb heat and are burned. Immediate cold-
milk-compress stops deeper layers from burn. When no more burn is felt apply egg white.
From an article First Aid for Mild Burns from Aajonus

Burns – more about
Keep in mind this treatment of burns is being included in teaching beginner fireman. First
Aid consists of first spraying cold water on the affected area until the heat is reduced
which stops the continued burning of all layers of the skin. Then spread the egg whites
onto the affected area.
One woman burned a large part of her hand with boiling water. In spite of the pain, she
ran cold faucet water on her hand, separated 2 egg whites from the yolks, beat them
slightly and dipped her hand in the solution. The whites then dried and formed a

protective layer.
She later learned that the egg white is a natural collagen and continued during at least
one hour to apply layer upon layer of beaten egg white. By afternoon she no longer felt
any pain and the next day there was hardly a trace of the burn. 10 days later, no trace
was left at all and her skin had regained its normal color. The burned area was
totally regenerated thanks to the collagen in the egg whites, a placenta full of vitamins.
From an article First Aid for Mild Burns from Aajonus

Chocolate addiction
I remember when, 38 years ago, I first began eating the same combination made with
raw carob pods instead of raw cocoa beans. I craved it to the point that someone could
have called it an addiction. However, since carob does not have any addictive chemicals
in it, it could not have been an addiction. Consider instead that my body craved all of that
butter mixed with some cream, protein in eggs and digestive enzymes in honey. When
my body had had certain deficiencies satisfied intensely and repeatedly for about 3
months, the craving subsided. My skin, nerves and entire body were much healthier.
October 30, 2007 Primal Diet newsletter

Most people who crave raw chocolate to the point of wanting it daily are people who are
very deficient in raw fats and the egg-proteins and honey enzymes help to digest those
needed fats. October 30, 2007 - Primal Diet newsletter

Most people on a raw diet could consume safely about 2 tablespoons of pure cocoa
beans weekly blenderized with raw egg, 6 tablespoons of raw fat and some unheated
honey without any harm. Eating it only occasionally, they might benefit with increased
energy, mental activity and creativity as well as the physical benefits mentioned earlier.
October 30, 2007 – Primal Diet Newsletter

Raw chocolate
Since I have been making my homemade chocolate from whole raw cocoa beans
blenderized with raw egg, raw fat (mostly unsalted raw butter and a little raw cream) and
unheated honey, I have not experienced any addiction to it. October 30, 2007
Primal Diet newsletter

Makes 1 cup to be used in many recipes

Blenderize cocoa beans in an 8-ounces jelly jar until they become powder. Add butter,
honey and egg and blenderize until smooth but do not let it get hot. If you would like a
slightly rum-tasting chocolate, let stand at room temperature in a warm dark cupboard
for 5-7 days with lid on tightly.

Cold hands and feet
If both your hands and feet are cold at the same time, you’ve got a mineral deficiency,
and you eat cheese and honey together for several days all day long, a little bit at a time
all day long, and that’ll usually get the warmth of the feet and the hands going.
February 22, 2009

Colds or flu
With the new bath system, you're detoxing very little out the sinuses any more. You have
very few symptoms because you're pushing the poisons out though the skin. And if
you’re not pushing them out through the skin, the cheese is pulling them out through the
intestines and holding on to it so you don't have to have side effects. You don't have to
have symptoms of that poisonous detoxification. So the people who do the cheese and
the baths almost have no colds or flu anymore because it's not necessary. You're not
breaking it down and having to eliminate it all at once with mucus and sweating with
fevers because you're doing it every day. Taking it out with the cheese instead of the
mucus and you’re perspiring it out with hot baths, simple. You just have to take the time
to do it. June 22, 2013

My suggested dietary regimens for influenza are:
1/2 to 1 pound fowl daily
2 to 3 MOISTURIZING/LUBRICATION FORMULA DRINKS daily (preferable), see page 146,
or 2 to 3 MILKSHAKEs, see page 57
1 SMOOTHIE, see pages 58-59*

Or the following regime works the best but may not be as convenient:
From the moment we awaken, I suggest consuming:
1 raw egg every 30-60 minutes
After each raw egg, eat 1 teaspoon MOISTURIZING/LUBRICATION FORMULA DRINK, see
page 146 [ of The Recipe for Living Without Disease ]

At about 3 PM, eat a grapefruit with either avocado or raw cream
At about 7 PM, eat 1/2-1 pound fowl or ocean-caught fish.
Immediately before sleep, consume 1 cup warm raw milk or raw kefir.
Once every 3 days, drink a green vegetable juice consisting of 85% celery, 5% carrot and
10% parsley first thing in the morning, followed 30 minutes later with the first egg.

Either regime, or alternating them daily, should be followed until symptoms have
subsided and normal functions resume.

Flu - Viral Tools Improve Health – article by Aajonus

Colitis
Cabbage juice is the only thing that will stop the bleeding but you can’t drink alcohol;
have nothing too fermented. You can have fresh kefir. Milk should be warm, never
cold. You can eat cucumber – lots of raw eggs. Milk shakes are second-best, if she won’t
eat raw eggs by themselves. Things that aren’t difficult to digest – that are more liquid
than solid, except for the cucumber. January 9, 2011

She needs cabbage juice, a cup one day -.I mean half a cup of cabbage juice for about
four or five days. ...after that just a half a cup a day. Cup first day, another five days of a
half a cup, four or five days and she needs lots of eggs and then do the diet I gave her
back then, okay? September 9, 2007

I have a new constipation formula because I have had some really hard cases. These
cases are so difficult that if I can find something that works for them, then it works for

everybody. And the new formula is 1 egg (if it is a really hard case then 2 eggs) 3-4 oz of
vegetable juice, 2 oz of milk or 2 oz of cream, tsp vinegar, and tsp-tbsp of honey. If you
are not moving in 24 hours have it again. But most people have it less than 24 hours.
Aajonus’s hard drive

Cheese makes me too constipated.
Eat it with butter. Put that injection up your butt. You’re too lazy. One key thing is cheese
because that cheese can pull that stuff out so it doesn’t stay in your brain easily. In your
case, you need to put that suppository in there every three days. I know, it’s a pain in the
butt. Leave it in all night. It’s to be digested and absorbed. That’s why you roll your belly
like a belly dancer to get it to move up in there. Once a week for the average person but
he needs it every three days. July 10, 2007

Combine cheese with at least an equal amount of fat, especially butter, to prevent
constipation. The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Cholesterol concerns
Do you have any objective number measurements about how the ingestion of the large
quantity of raw fat affects things like cholesterol, homocysteine levels, and does it even matter?
It doesn't matter at all because your body...I've got lots of blood analysis for it, I'll give
you some of the extreme examples. A banker who had a 267 cholesterol level - I put him
on a stick of raw butter a day. He was about 6'3”. So he's a big man. snd very overweight.
So I had him on a stick of butter a day, about 4oz of cream a day, and about 10 eggs - raw
eggs. So you know the cholesterol involved in that. His cholesterol...and he had the test
done 3 weeks later; his cholesterol was down to 167. Okay. September 9, 2007

Crohn’s disease
The Crohn’s disease is mainly that you do not have enough mucus in your intestines. So
your body is trying to digest itself.
So what can I do?
Eat lots of eggs... lots and lots of eggs... Lots of eggs... Lots of eggs. You have it with eggs
and milk but you need eggs by themselves, and fresh aloe juice. I would down 10-12 a
day if I were you. I would concentrate on that for about a 5 to 6 week period. Also eat
some meat and milk... all of it raw. Raw eggs will be the best and smoothies are

wonderful. I am not going to ever advise anyone of their children of taking drugs but I
would never do it. I would never allow my child to take prednisone and if I were the child I
would never take it. It would go down the toilet or be buried in the back yard. It would
never get in my body. And if I had to sneak down into my closet to drink down 4 eggs a
day I would do it. And it would get rid of it pretty quickly. You never want to refrigerate it.
For some people you never suggest more than 2 eggs at a time?
That depends on the individual. For her, I would never suggest having more than 2 at a
time. September 19, 2000

I have a relative who had Crohn’s for many years and it seems to have evolved into Chronic
Fatigue Syndrome. Eggs?
Absolutely! ... have to take raw eggs Rocky-style or like I do – sucked out of the
eggshell. If you mix with milk, slows it down and it will take 6-10 hours to digest and it’s
complicated. Can take much longer 5-20x longer to heal if mixed with milk. Eggs are so
pure and absorb so fast, there’s no difficulty. Let’s say the milk finds a spot where it’s
already torn and there’s an ulceration; it’s not going to heal. You’ll have leaky gut every
time - it will tear every time it reaches that area. You’ll have digestive juices, acids and
bacteria working on the food in that spot. An egg, however, is absorbed within five
inches of the intestine, so the intestines don’t have to work. October 24, 2010

Who can benefit?
Absolutely everyone - especially Crohn’s Disease – people with digestive problems. You
have to give them a break in their digestion. I always tell people to eat lots of eggs, if
they have access to good eggs. You’ve got to go out there and make it happen [ find
sources ]. Go talk to some farmers and say, “Hey, this is what we need and there are a lot
of interested people.” October 24, 2010

Decontamination
Imagine this, your body needs 6 vacuum cleaners to clean your body and with your
lymphatic system jammed that means your bags are all full. How are you going to get rid
of your daily waste if your vacuum bags are full? You're not. You're going to keep filling
that up until they explode. Then what are you going to have? All contamination
throughout the body everywhere not just in the connective tissue and in the lymph
glands. You’re going to have it in the blood, in the neurological fluid, you're going to have
it in the bones, connective tissue from the bones, you’re going to have it in the tendons,

you're going to have it everywhere and some people do because they're just backing it up
everywhere through the whole system. So -- hot baths, the cheese and those systems will
make you functional. I work 20 hours a day, 20 hours a day and I can stay fresh and
alert. And I tell people you need to call me you got an emergency call at any hour. If I
wake I'll go right back to sleep you know. No problem. June 22, 2013

Grapefruit juice in a smoothie?
Yes. If you have eggs and cream in it, it will help. You can use it as fuel. But still don’t drink
it fast. Remember, when you gulp, most of the water is going to go right into the kidney
and all those nutrients have no way to get to your cells. So, it causes dehydration
because the body wants to replace that water. Impossible. By drinking water you cannot
get that ion activity between the nutrients and the water again. If you blended water with
some cottage cheese, put a little honey or some fruit in it, you would get it to reconstitute
the water. Not 100 per cent, but you will get it into shape more like fresh food that will
nutrify you rather than dehydrated re-hydrated substances. February 3, 2013

If you have coconut water, what are you going to do with it? What else do you with it?
Mix it with milk, and cream and cheese – something to re-mineralize. Water is just a
negative substance – even if it’s coconut water. May 27, 2012

Dental novocaine

That’s injected deep near the bone structure so it won’t circulate. That’s why it causes so
much mouth cancer. So eat a lot of eggs, have a lot of heat around the face.
Will coconut cream or oil pulling help?
Definitely. You can pull with anything. I pull with cheese and spit it out after about five
minutes. Then, I’ll down an egg or a little cheese and an egg or two after that. Then, back
to cheese-pulling.
Would oil pulling help with that? [getting rid of novocaine] Coconut oil, coconut cream
pulling? It would definitely help.
Oh okay
Absolutely help. Coconut cream you could pull with anything.
You need to do that on an empty stomach you said right? Before you eat anything you?
Pull?

Yeah but first thing in the morning?
It's a good idea if you pull first.
Eat cheese beforehand so that...
Well, have some; I pull with cheese.
Oh.
I get the cheese all melted.
Liquidy.
Just keep it so I know it's locked in there. Then I will spit it out. After about five minutes I'll
down an egg or I'll down just a little cheese and then I'll down an egg or two after that.
And then go back to the cheese pulling. May 26, 2013

So, no need to do it [oil pulling] at night?
Well, morning is the best time after you’ve had your cheese but before anything else.
February 3, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

I've got it coming out here, since those [ dental ] injections [ after a violent incident ], and this
is the time first the teeth will hurt, here and here and then it'll swell then it hardens here.
I take a little jar, like a twelve ounce jar, smooth jar or a sixteen ounce jar with hot water
in it and I put it - a hot water bottle is too big - on my face. So I take a little jar, glass jar
full of hot water and I put it there and will just sleep with it next to that area and it
softens that hardened stuff so I know it's not going come out as a boil; it's going to be
leaking down my gums. So I eat enough cheese, some clay, to absorb it a little bit
throughout the day, to absorb those toxins. August 24, 2008

She has an infection in her tooth and she was scared and the doctor thought she needed a
root canal – she was in so much pain. So, she took the pain formula, but what else can she use?
That is probably the second worst pain in the world – dental pain. It is a problem because
it takes a long time to get into the roots and the bones. The latest pain formula from the
book is two eggs; five level tbsp. of bee pollen; one tsp. honey; one and a half tbsp. of
lemon juice; three to four oz. of either raw cream, raw coconut cream or raw butter.
Blend that together for 30-50 seconds and then eat a one inch by one inch by three inch
slice of cheese as you drink it. And that usually mitigates it. Now, someone who is having
dental pain may have to have two of those a day. And that may not do it by itself. When I
went through my pain I had to have protein – I had to stay completely away from fruits.

So, I did not eat eggs unless it was with meat - to make sure it did not get made into a
solvent - and that would mitigate my pain until it was bearable. November 17, 2000

Depression
Remember, anybody that has depression – that is a matter of low bacteria in the colon. E.
coli are the main bacteria that break down the fats and the proteins into the finite
molecule that feeds the brain and the nervous system. If you have depression, it is
always a low bacteria level and your brain is not being fed. That’s why you can eat high
meat and high eggs and be giggling in 10-20 minutes; the bacteria are already broken
down into those finite molecules. So you eat it and it goes right into the nervous system.
That’s why high meat and eggs work. September 11, 2011 part 2

Diarrhea
When celery juice is green like that I get diarrhea like crazy.
Yeah ... cleaning you out. Then you need to eat an egg or cheese with it, before you eat it.
Well, I was going to have cream afterwards. Would that help?
No, if you’re having diarrhea you do not want cream – you have cheese.
How do you know if it’s diarrhea or just detoxing? Well,
diarrhea is always detoxing, but you can detox too much. Because you can eat a lot of
cheese and you’ll still detox a lot, but it’s just the cheese that will absorb the toxins, so
they don’t irritate the intestines. And you don’t need to have the diarrhea; diarrhea is
when something is so toxic that it enters the intestinal walls and discharges into that
intestinal environment, that the body uses a lot of fluid to rush it out so it doesn’t cause
damage to the intestinal tract – to the flora and the digestive juices and the intestinal
walls. July 20, 2008

- - - - - - - - -

Diarrhea – explosive kind
If you have enough cheese, you won't have the gas one.
That's the gas - that's what is causing it?
That's gas.
Oh, OK.
The poisons are mixing with your digestive bacteria; it creates a gas.
Oh, OK.
If you eat enough cheese, then that poison is going to be absorbed into the cheese, it’s

not going to affect the bacteria.
Well, I thought I was eating a lot of cheese but obviously I'm not.
You have to eat it with your food too. Some people actually have to eat it with their food
too. June 16, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Diabetes
Usually, if I put someone on a raw dairy and meat diet with lots of raw eggs, their
diabetes symptoms are gone in six weeks. October 24, 2010

Digestion
It’s digestion that I’m lacking. My stomach bloated like a balloon one time when I had a little
vinegar and oil salad dressing. Even after months, my stomach didn’t go back to normal.
Yeah. Cut up some pineapple in a jar and have a chunk about every 2-3 hours. With that
small amount you don’t need butter or honey with it. You could have half a teaspoon of
butter or cheese with it. May 26, 2013

Some people have really bad digestion, without having Crohn’s disease. I’ll tell them to
take a little cube of pineapple or papaya with their meals, especially meat meals to help
digestion. If you've got a spell of very bad digestion, you may be detoxifying from the
stomach, the esophagus and the intestines. This is not a time to eat other foods other
than egg and cheese. Cheese goes in first to absorb the toxins, egg follows to give the
easiest most digestible food that there is. Proteins in the egg white are easily digestible
and assimilated because there are no clumps of food for your digestive juices to have to
work on. All you have to do is work on getting your bacteria to infiltrate and eat it.
September 13, 2009

Now when I eat meat, like it’ll just sit there for like four hours, I can feel it kind of...it won’t go
down and digest as well, like ...even like with milk and like cheese and stuff. It’s not...
What did I just say? When you have a problem like that, you need the eggs... all day long,
for days, until it stops ...until you’re rebalanced.
Okay.
Remember eggs only take twenty three minutes to digest, so you get to utilize all those
proteins and fats to heal and cleanse the body. November 18, 2007

If you have a digestive problem, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, because it doesn’t take

much to digest them. Your body can spend its energy and those nutrients for cleansing
and healing. November 18, 2007

People who have psychological problems like depression (anxiety is different – lack of
exercise), always have a lack of bacteria. They’re not going to be breaking down into finite
particles to feed the brain and nervous system so they need to eat rotten eggs or rotten
meat to supply it - like my episode on Ripley’s Believe It or Not. October 24, 2010

Digestive problems
In penicillin-fungal poisoning and other pharmaceutical antibiotic-induced problems,
food cannot be digested. However, we must eat to nourish our bodies and heal. The
most easily and quickest digested food is raw egg. Most often, a raw egg digests in 16- 23
minutes, after passing only a few inches into the small intestine. I have known digestively
challenged people who have eaten raw eggs as 90-95% of their raw diet, drinking milk at
bedtime and during the night. Other people and I have eaten up to 50 eggs per day
without any side effect except dry mouth. Dry mouth is not remedied by drinking water.
Applying a mixture of 6 parts raw coconut cream and 1 part honey to our lips and a little
in our mouths whenever they feel dry, restores fats lost in the mouth and face that cause
dry and cotton mouth.
Eating mainly eggs allows the body to spend its nutrients and energy on cleansing and
healing, not digesting food. In the 38 years that I consumed raw eggs, I have never
experienced a biotin deficiency. Also, I have never observed anyone else with a biotin
deficiency even when they practically lived on raw eggs. Therefore, that should not be a
concern.) Depending on the severity of illness and need for nutrition, a person could eat
a raw egg every 15-30 minutes. The number of eggs to consume would be the number
that prevents weight loss and/or promotes weight gain. Preventing blood over-acidity is
necessary when on most animal-based diets. Therefore, while eating mainly eggs our
blood usually requires green vegetable juices to keep it from over-acidity.
Article: Digestive Problems; Causes for Most Intestinal Diseases, Including Colic,
Inflammatory Bowel Syndrome (IBS) and Crohn’s Disease

I’ve been making clabbered raw goat's milk and putting eggs in. And I can't handle the eggs, I
don't know why, I just don't digest them well, and I like the idea of it, it's not that I'm resistant
to it. Do you have people with that problem?
Yeah, some people can't handle eggs right away.

Especially the egg white.
Well, it's not the egg white. It's actually the combination, the egg white and the yolk, that
causes the intense detoxifications. And if you just had...if you've gone through a series of
antibiotics, your digestion...
It was even before that.
You tried the eggs?
Yeah. I just can't...
But you were taking the herbal dewormers?
Not at that point. It's not worms, they're not the big guys. The big guys I think are easier to deal
with. They're the microscopic one-cell...
Still, flukes.
They're not flukes, they're protozoa. And they actually get into the cell, into the walls of the
intestines and cause diarrhea and that's the main thing...pain, diarrhea, and gas. They're not
good.
Yeah, they are. But yours weren't, because you were not eating a diet that allowed them
to do their job properly and you were not able to regenerate and protect yourself from
the byproducts. The byproducts cause the diarrhea, and in some people, bleeding. When
people eat properly, eat lots of raw fats, especially meats, the fats in meats and dairy fats,
they don't have that problem. Some people have a problem if they have a digestibility
problem. If they have intestinal problems, do not handle eggs well. When people eat
properly, eat lots of raw fats, especially meats, the fats in meats and dairy fats, they don't
have that problem. Some people have a problem if they have a digestibility problem. If
they have intestinal problems, do not handle eggs well. For a while. One time I saw it take
2.5 years before the person could eat eggs.
Then you don't suggest they try the eggs?
No, I tell them to stay away from eggs, but maybe couple a week. That's all. May 6, 2000

I had some people eat only eggs because they don't digest. When you eat an egg, an egg
is the easiest food in the world to digest. It takes twenty three minutes to digest an egg.
Only three inches of your small intestine are utilized to digest and absorb that egg. That
means your body gets all this small, pre-digested or easily digested liquid fat and protein.
It goes right into the system to heal - cleanse and heal - the body. So if you've got a bad
digestive tract you eat lots and lots of eggs, now not enough to lose weight. You have to
eat twenty five, fifty a day so you don't lose weight for somebody your size. I've eaten up

to fifty a day but if I eat let’s say only eggs all day long. Twenty five and I won't lose weight.
If I eat twenty two I'll still lose a little weight. So I just need to find my level when I'm just
doing an all egg and when I do an all egg diet it’s because something is dumping into my
intestines poisoning the bacterial environment in there so they are not digesting food
particles anymore. I need to digest...I need to eat things that don't require much bacteria
and that's the egg, egg's the only one. It takes milk a minimum of six hours to digest and
that’s if its kefir. If it is whole milk, un-kefir'd or yogurt...yogurized, then you’re looking at
nineteen, twenty hours to digest. Even twenty four hours to digest. November 18, 2007

Yeah, I’ve been experiencing - more than normal for me - diarrhea, nausea, bloating... Just lack
of appetite - and for me that’s not normal.
... Intestinal detox. Cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese – absorb all that stuff.
Remember, when you have gas and you have swelling like that, it means your poisons
are mixing with your digestive juices. Cheese will absorb those. October 14, 2012

Well, bloating and gas is an indication that you’re dumping a lot of toxins into the
digestive tract and those toxins are messing with your digestive juices and bacteria – and
that causes a gaseous reaction. So, eating a little bit of cheese every hour helps
neutralize some of that toxicity – so you don’t have so much, but you’ll obviously have a
little bit. I
do the cheese with a meal.
Yeah, but you can do it every hour – every 30 minutes if you’re having tremendous gas
because you need to absorb it, so it doesn’t mix with your juices. Because it will
neutralize your digestive juices and cause a toxic reaction when the toxins mix with the
digestive juices and causes the bloating, the swelling and the gas.
So, add a little butter with that cheese or just the cheese?
You don’t need to. Do you have any kind of constipation or diarrhea?
No.
Then don’t worry about it. If you get constipation you can add some coconut cream or
butter. If you don’t have a problem there then just have cheese. It’s much more effective
if you just have cheese anyway. July 20, 2008

Dread when eating eggs
I’m encouraged to eat more eggs, rocky style but whenever I do it I feel a sense of dread, like it’s
not going to be a good day.

Are you eating cheese before you have the eggs?
Sometimes but not all the time, when I do it doesn’t seem to make a difference. And I’m not
sure if I have enough acids to digest them.
Then just have a little bit of honey with it in your mouth, at the same time. The proteins
and the fats in eggs are liquid so they are easily digestible, so you don’t have to have a lot
of acids to digest it. If you have trouble digesting eggs you’re bacterially deficient in your
digestive tract, so you need to eat foods to help digest it. Honey is a quick fix, but it’s
really bacteria that will help digest the eggs in the final stage. Eating high meat, rotten
eggs is how you build your bacteria. September 13, 2009

Emphysema – late stage
I have people eating all the way up to 33 eggs a day. Raw. Let me give you an example. In
January, an MD called me from Massachusetts, and she said I read your book about 5 months ago. And..... I think it's a fascinating book, and I'm ready to try something. I have a patient who is emphysemic.' And I'm saying to myself,oh, here it goes.' I've got a patient who's emphysemic, she was diagnosed 4 years ago. She's been bedridden for 2 years, she's 72 years old, she's on a respiratory system, she's going to die probably in the next 2 days, is there anything I can do?’ I saidyou're calling me a little late, aren't you?' She said well, you know I'm an MD, I have a protocol, I have my license, I have a family, I can't take a risk.' I saidwell, that's
your conscience. But the only thing I can suggest for you from my experience is that you
get her 16 dozen eggs, free range, do not refrigerate them, you put them by her bed, and
you tell her to eat as many as she can eat rocky-style, do not whip them. Break them in a
glass, or stick a hole in each end and suck them out or just swallow them down.' She says
well I don't know if she's going to do that.' And I saidthat's the only thing that I even
remotely think could help her in that stage.'
This was on a Friday. On Monday morning, the woman calls me herself. She says Hi, I is this Aajonus? (raspy voice)' And I saidyes,' she says this is Mary Jones from Massachusetts, and I want to thank you, I'm out of bed for the first time in 2 years.' She was out of bed for the first time in 2 years, from eating...guess how many eggs she ate? 66 eggs in 2 days. 33 eggs a day. Ha ha ha. We both were crying. Because it didn't make her well, but it gave her what she needed to start recovering. She saysI'll eat anything you want me to eat.' I said `okay,
here's what I want you to eat.' And I told her, lots of meat and eggs, and milk if she could
get it. That's all I wanted her to eat. And that's what she ate. She's alive today, and she's

still able to be on her own. She's not well, she's not over the emphysema, that'll take
years and years, but at least she's on the road to recovery. 1999 -

The point of that [ emphysema ] story is that eggs digest so quickly, take so little of the
body’s energy to digest, that the body has all that energy and wonderful nutrients to
liquefy proteins and liquefy fat -doesn’t take any enzymes only the bacteria to invade and
eat it. So in 27 minutes it’s absorbed into the body and working. That is the only food
you can give people in that critical condition to pull them through. October 24, 2010

Energy loss
Sometimes digestion is impaired and a loss of energy results. In such a situation, I
suggest making 1 blended mixture of 1 cup good drinking water and 1 cup unheated
honey each day for 1-2 days only. For that 1-2 days, I suggest that you eat 1 raw egg
Rocky style (or Aajonus style of sucking the egg out of the shell) every hour, and 30
minutes after each egg, sip a little of the honey water mixture (1-1½ tablespoons).
Because eggs require only 13-26 minutes to digest, that brief diet allows the body to
focus all of its time on balancing digestive environments and other tasks.
Article: How Much Energy Should I Expect to Experience?

Eyesight/vision

... egg whites. Hold down lower eyelid and rub a bead of egg white along the white of the
eye. Then roll the eye around to coat and it only takes three minutes to absorb. You can
do it as many times a day as you like. Almost same chemistry as your tears but has more
protein so it feeds and strengthens the eye. You can also take butter – especially sheep’s
butter which is a little bit more effective than cow’s butter – and put it in your eye at night
before sleeping. It will blur your eyes for maybe an hour, so you want to do that before
you sleep. I’ve had people with coke bottle thick glasses and doing the egg white every
day and butter 2x a week go to very thin glasses in a five-year period. May 20, 2012

With my vision, it's really impairment, because I can't see, I can't read,...
That means that you're...in every situation where I've advised eating lots of protein when
that happens, usually within an hour the vision is restored. So it means you need protein

immediately. And not eggs. You can put egg white in your eyes and that'll help. ... but
actually eating meat. May 6, 2000 -

Eye burning
Sometimes when I feel it [ eye ] burning and it turns red, I will use the egg white. Like on
my way here, all of the sudden it started burning and was irritated so put in some egg
white. January 22, 2000

Eye Cataracts
...Coconut cream with the lime juice. I would alternate them using the egg white in the
eye for cataracts. Yes?
So the egg white. How long do you use that?
I eat the rest of the egg white; I'm eating eggs all day long. September 9, 2007

Eye lazer surgery
...As long as you’re on a good diet. I’ve had many people do laser surgery. They heal 3x
faster. Their eyes are completely healed and they can go out in the sun in 10 days. It’s
not a problem. I tell them not to take antibiotics or put antibiotics in their eyes. It
destroys bacteria and creates keloid tissue. About 90% of people who have laser surgery
have difficulty and that’s because they’re using antibiotics. The eye doesn’t heal properly.
What happens is your cornea warps – whether it flattens or extends depends on whether
near- or far-sightedness. To be on this diet long enough and put enough egg white in
your eyes every day – sometimes a tiny bit of butter with a drop of pineapple juice in it to
rework the cornea will take years. And the first people I recommended Lasik to – Lisa/Niki
Ying did it in 1994 at about age 37 and Louis did it in 1989 – their eyes are still in great
condition. ...no glasses or contacts any more. October 24, 2010

Eyes itchy

During that time [of extreme eye infection], I made the mistake of putting lime juice in my eye
and now everything is blurry.
You scarred the cornea – probably only have one layer left. When I had the cancer that
ate 1/3 of my nose away – put a hole right here and burned through the bone - one night
the acid from the melting of the tumor got into my eye and burned my cornea – 8 layers
of scar tissue. I was blind in that eye. That was a few hours in one night damaged the eye.

That’s how bad the compounds are when you start dissolving tumors. You have to have
the nutrients and you have to protect yourself from those fluids discharging...eyes. So, I
went to the optometrist and she said, “You have 8 layers of scar tissue at a minimum and
you have to have a cornea transplant. That’s the only way you will ever be able to see out
of that eye.” So, 7 years later I went to have my driver’s test and my vision passed. I was
actually able to read the chart with that left eye. When I went back to the optometrist,
she said, “You only have one layer of scar tissue left.” ...egg white and butter. ...egg white
in the morning and butter at night. Take the egg white and tap it onto your little finger,
pull your lower eyelid down and look up and rub it along the white. Roll your eye around
to get the egg white all over the eye. Then, at night, you do the same with a dab of butter
that you have melted in your palm. Make sure you’re already in bed because you’ll have a
fog over your eyes for 10-20 minutes. Egg white is mostly protein and will strengthen the
eye for the day against pollution. Butter at night will soothe and strengthen the eye in a
different, cleansing way. It would if they did it long enough because the retina is very
deep. We’re mainly talking about the cornea, the iris and the sclera.
September 11, 2011

Eyes: Conjunctivitis
means that the cornea has been damaged in some way and the body is trying to get rid
of that toxicity that has gotten into the cornea so the body is working directly on the
cornea to take care of that and egg white corrects it. January 22, 2000

Eyes: contact lenses solution Yes,
a lot of them have thimerosal in them; that is liquid mercury. But they make it without it
with glycerin. You can put aloe vera juice in your eye and contacts over that. You can’t do
it with butter or egg white because they create a film. I tell people to just take distilled
water and put a few grains of sea salt in it. You’ll have pure, saline water. If you’re putting
egg white, butter or aloe vera in your eye, you’re coating and nurturing it.

Eyes, itchy and watery
Put egg white in your eyes 2-3 times a day. Put about ½ a tsp in an eye cup. Hold your eye
open like this. Hold your head back. Do that about 4 times. Bring it back down. Hold the
head back again, stretch the eyelids back again and then roll the eye for about a minute.

And then take a damp cloth and rub excess off around the outside or it is going to crust
and it will look like you have sleep all over the place. It is usually acids dumping out
through the mouth area, dumping out the eye sockets out the tear ducts causing
burning. January 22, 2000 -

Eyes red

She says I put my glasses on, I still can't see a thing.' So I saidgo to them optometrist
and see what he has to say.' Her prescription had to be reduced by 50%. But what I told
her to do, because she was an expert witness, her eyes were always bright red, the
whites were always bright red, and she wanted to know what she could do to remove the
redness of the eyes because ... and all of that didn't work and of course they were
poisoning the eye. So I said apply egg white to your eye, take about 1/2 tsp and put it in
an eye cup, put your head back, and stretch your eyelid up, roll it all the way around, and
do it to your other eye. And do it once a day. And do not rinse it out, just wipe it off. You'll
look like somebody who just woke up. So wipe it off, do not rinse it out. So that's what
she was doing and her eyes improved. Anybody who does that, their eyes usually
improve just from the egg white. And it will remove red eyes within about 20 minutes.
1999

I had him put egg white in his eyes 2-3 times a day. Within a week he was eating raw
meat because that worked so well. And they had given him drops; they'd done everything.
They said he was going to lose his eyes. And I just saw him for the first time the day I left.
And his eyes were just as white as white. He had a little red on this side of one eye, and
that was it. And he was putting the egg white in his eye 3 times a day.
May 6, 2000

Can you use egg whites to clean out your eye? Yes.
If you have red eyes, put it in. I have a lot of actors and actresses who do that. They put
that other over the counter stuff in their eyes and they get rid of it but it causes vision
blurring problems so they just use the egg white and it takes the red out of their eyes
and they can go in front of the camera in two minutes. February 3, 2013

Eyes twitching
Yeah. She went to the clinic doctor they said there's nothing wrong, its normal.

Well, they can't find anything wrong.
Yeah
If you're giving into a vitamin supplement, which I don't agree with because all the
natural ones are made with kerosene and all the unnatural ones are made with gasoline.
And those that are synthetic are made from chemistry. Vitamin B6 usually stops
twitching. Where you can get vitamin B6, usually the nuts and eggs, so if she has lots of
eggs, milkshake that will help.
Oh
Eggs by themselves will get enough B6 into her that it will stop it. June 16, 2013

I love egg whites and butter in the eyes. I wore glasses since I was 12. I had my eyes examined
and had to go down three levels on my prescription – this is after may be 4-5 years [on diet].
Butter really works but gives me blurry vision and red eyes for a couple days.
That is a sign you’re not building enough tears to protect the eye. It’s like mucus. Have
one milkshake a day. And, make sure the butter is fresher so it’s not so acidic.
A lot of times I do leave my butter out.
Not for the eyes because that will cause that acidic bacteria to pre-digest and it’s very
acid, especially if you don’t have good tears.
Butter and egg white in the eyes?
Yes, it helps heal the cornea and improves vision. Butter works a little bit better. Melt it
and [ gently ] tap it like this ...pull the lower eyelid down, rub it along the bottom of the
white, and roll your eye around. With butter, you will have foggy vision for about 30
minutes, with egg white for about 2 minutes. You could alternate days or do egg white in
the morning and butter at night before bed. January 27, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Fibromyalgia
is when you have aching everywhere in the body. That's because toxins are storing in the
nerves, in the muscles, in the tendons, everywhere. To relieve that, the best thing to do is
just suck eggs and have little bits of milk at a time - like a half a cup. So have an egg one
hour; the next hour have a half a cup of milk. Skip two hours then an egg, next hour a
half a cup of milk and just keep doing that for a couple of weeks to help relieve it. You can
also add a little honey and then milk. If you're eating kefir it's even better.
September 9, 2007

What is fibromyalgia and why are the muscles so tense and hard?

What you have is chemical compositions that have collected in the muscles and in the
joints - uric acid....uric acids, lactic acids, crystals, mineral crystals - and they collect in the
body and they cause cutting. They slice the veins, the nerves, the muscles - everything -
all the tissue that's in there. They actually cut, cause soreness and bruising and Internal
bleeding... very microscopic levels, but it happens all over. Vinegar is very helpful to
dissolve those compounds, whey helps remove it also.
Drinking it?
Yeah - goat whey, cow's milk whey, any other.
Is that where they process it into powder?
No it's got to be the raw stuff. Okay and that causes soreness all over. I had fibromyalgia
from the age of two and a half all the way up till uh about seven years on a raw diet.
When I started eating a lot of raw milk and eggs and meat most of my fibromyalgia - I
would say eighty percent of it - went into remission. I mean still for me to get...to get up
out of bed as a child, to get up out of my desk at school, it was a major effort because I
was just sore and stiff all over. I was like an old man as a boy, now I'm like a boy as an old
man. August 24, 2008

Gastritis
Gastritis happens a lot of times when you have gas. You have toxins that dump into the
intestinal wall and there’s not enough mucus to harness them - in the mucus lining. It’s
almost always in people who are too thin, especially when you have Crohn’s disease or
any kind of inflammatory bowel system. They don’t create mucus properly, enough to
protect the lining. So the poisons don’t get locked into the mucus, they get into the
digestive tract where the food is. Then your digestive juices mix with those poisons and it
creates gas. Gas can cause severe pain, diarrhea, headaches. You have to eat cheese until
you're relieved. You have to eat a lot of milkshakes to get your mucus producing
properly. May 23, 2010

Your honey acts as your enzymatic...
I have a problem with the honey too. Too much honey, it makes me light headed. Too much
sugar....so if you do less... you're talking about 2 ½ ...
Do less. Just do less. But if you're having two tablespoons of cheese and only two
teaspoons of honey then you're mashing the cheese together and mixing it in your
mouth before you swallow it, you're never going to have that reaction. I
wasn't doing that. You're right. So the gas is from not eating enough of the cheese?

Yeah, well, it is from your digestive juices mixing with the poisons that are dumping into
your stomach and your intestines, that creates gas. OK? If the cheeses are in there
absorbing the poisons they're not going to mix with the enzymes and your bacteria, so
you're not going to have gas. June 16, 2013

Gillian-Barr
Uh-huh.
My mother has had it for many years and has recovered a little bit, but now has tremendous
pains still in her legs, to where she takes pain killers hourly – every two to three hours.
Right.
Is there anything that can help her if she won’t eat raw meat?
No, I just do not know any way you can get rid of it without eating raw meat. I mean, you
could try to ease that by having lots of raw cream and eggs, but cream is not available
easily.
What about avocados?
Avocados won’t do it.
Fat? Just good raw fat.
Yeah, raw eggs and raw cream – raw cream is about your best for that.
Ok. How many eggs a day?
It depends upon the individual, yeah. March 26, 2000

Gums

...cheese and honey. May 26, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Headaches
Usually the toxicity is in the nervous system when it’s in the brain, as in migraines. Cluster
headaches - it’s in the nervous system. Those remedies don’t work with the nervous
system; they’ll only help a tiny bit. So you’ve got to eat a lot of cheese, got to eat eggs, got
to make sure that you don’t go to sleep at the time when the nervous system kicks in to
do its detoxification, at midnight -until you get better. May 23, 2010

Heart palpitations?
If you're having heart palpitations like that, you drink cream. I have it, if I have a juice in
the morning - if I have more than eight ounces - my heart will go like this. I'll get a little
sugar reaction. But it's not a diabetic reaction. It doesn't mean I don't... I'm not utilizing
my sugars. I'm utilizing too many sugars which is the opposite of diabetes. Plus all the
minerals that are pulled out. I'll put either an egg in my juice or a little cream in it the next

day. It only happens if you try it first in the morning, one out of fifteen days. If I can tell
it's going to happen I'll put my egg in it, and cream in it, and then I won't even worry
about it the next day. September 9, 2007

Okay, whenever you have heart palpitations or pounding hearts after a vegetable juice,
you have to whisk an egg into it. What’s happening is the enzymes that you’re getting in
the vegetable juice are pulling out heavy metals. The heart does not want to allow those
heavy metals to lock into the tissue part or any other glands, so it sends the blood more
racing through the body. So the blood passes through the intestinal tracts more often
and that poison will hopefully dump into the intestinal tract and not the heart, brain or
one of the glands.

What do you mean, do you just stir it?
You whip it with a spoon or a fork. November 18, 2007

Insomnia
How long will insomnia last?
Usually if a person that will eat a lot of eggs and fish in the evening, 80% of the people
can sleep.

I know the lymphatic baths help with insomnia – what else helps?
Eat protein before you go to sleep. Milkshake, meat. Eggs probably not a great idea
unless you’re going to down about five eggs in 20 minutes because you get hungry too
quickly. Milkshake – milk, eggs, honey, little bit of cream - better. Most people need eight
hours of sleep. You can nap. July 10, 2011

For those who had raw milk available, slowly drinking a blended mixture of 1 cup warm
raw milk and 1-3 tablespoons unheated honey immediately before bedtime relaxed them
for the night. For those who did not have fresh raw dairy, a smoothie made with 2-3 raw
eggs, ½ to 1 whole unripe raw unripe banana and as much unheated honey as desired
usually took them through the night. If bananas were not appealing, another fresh unripe
raw fruit mixed with 3-4 tablespoons unheated honey worked.
Do not make a smoothie with berries or apple. Berries mixed with raw egg often causes
drugs and toxic minerals to detoxify from glands, and apple excites adrenals. Either
combination may interfere with sleep.
For people who felt wired, eating raw fish a few hours before bedtime, and then drinking

one of the suggestions in the paragraph above near bedtime got them through the night.
Another choice was a piece of toast with plenty of raw jam made of equal parts fresh raw
berries and unheated honey. Berries, especially raspberries, eaten with the Nut Formula
made without egg, or eaten with unheated honey and toast supply minerals that relax
the body, and do not cause detoxification as berries do when eaten with egg or coconut
cream. We Want To Live: the Primal Diet

Intestinal cramping
In your book you have all the symptoms except for intestinal cramping. What causes that? I get
that a lot. It’s all in the abdominal area in and around the navel.
That’s the small intestine. It isn’t the bowel. That’s usually mercury or some other toxin
leaving to the intestines. You have to eat little pieces of cheese every 30-45 minutes. That
should arrest that. You’ll still have a little cramping as it passes out of the intestinal wall.
February 3, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Irritable, also a skin condition
You are just not utilizing fats very well any more. Do you exercise?
a little. Not a lot.
Because these overactive adrenals, and those overactive testes, that's a lot of hormones
that'll make you, if you don't do it, you're going to be irritable.
So I should exercise?
Yeah. Unless you want to take it out on other people. You can be irritable. You have very
good regenerative abilities, once you start eating lots of raw meat and raw fats. You'll go
fast. I suggest you eat about 8-10 eggs a day.
Okay. Raw?
Yeah. And I would have maybe 4-6 of them Rocky-style. Just down them without whipping
them up. And that'll be easier to eat, and you'll be able to eat more of them that way. The
others you can have with milk, if you can get the milk. Because you have these skin
conditions, you know a lot of people, if you listen to these, you will get a lot of
information out of it. Because you have some skin conditions, I suggest that you do not
have eggs and fruit together. Because it'll be made into a solvent, you're already too dry
right now. You want to lubricate your system, before you go making solvents. Your body
will make what it needs to when it needs to but if you mix fruit with eggs it's going to be
made into a solvent.
Toxic body?
Well, you've got lots of toxins, but they're all...most of the toxins are fat-bound. But you

have no fat left to lubricate your system, it's already bound in toxins. So you need to go
on a detox program, and I'm going to take a few minutes right after I finish him to give
everybody some basic detox regimes so that you can detox easier. One fruit I
recommend you have, to break up some of that fat and eliminate it, is a little pineapple
once in a while. And if you're going to eat fruit, no more than 1 piece a day with some
kind of fat. Coconut cream, raw cream, milk, cheese... something like that. Okay?
May 6, 2000

Knee sore
What if somebody is in a lot of pain with the meniscus [torn cartilage in the knee]?
The heat will take care of it, yeah. And, you know – eating plenty of cheese and butter, a
lube formula – a moisturizing lube formula – will help a lot. May 27, 2012

Knee swollen
I have a swollen knee and am sick with something going around.
Just put hot water bottle on it at night for any discomfort. And with flu, you need to take
hot baths; perspire to throw off toxins. Sleep with hot water bottles if you can’t take hot
baths or only have a shower. You can go to page 147 of my recipe book that has my cold
and flu regimen which is mainly just one smoothie a day and at least one milkshake a
day... no meat, unless may be fish or chicken. But mainly you need to eat eggs, dairy,
honey and cream. January 9, 2011

Junk food at school
Well, the only way you can counter that is to get him to eat a lot of cheese to absorb
those poisons and he needs to exercise. October 14, 2012

- - - - - - - - -

Leaky Gut
Eating liquid food is paramount. Raw milk and raw eggs are ideal foods for leaky gut
because they are liquid and require only intestinal bacteria to digest them. In fact, raw
milk and raw eggs are resplendent with bacteria that help our intestinal bacteria digest.
The bacteria in those foods are helpful not harmful.
I suggest that people suffering leaky gut eat lots of whole raw eggs from chickens that are
fed meat scraps, crushed raw bones, worms (maggots) and fermented dairy. Eggs are the
most easily digested food. Because they are already liquid and contain lots of quick-

reproducing bacteria, eggs digest in about 30 minutes.
Although liquid, one cup of raw milk still requires about 6-10 hours to completely digest.
Eggs and milk provide nutrients for the body to produce necessary mucus. Milkshakes
(raw milk, raw eggs and unheated honey blended together) help build the mucus
necessary to protect and heal stomach and intestinal linings quickly.
However, the digestive tract may be so compromised that a person may get cramps from
drinking milkshakes. If continual cramps occur, it would be best to sip milkshake all day
long. I suggest sipping on a quart of milkshake throughout each day but taking a break
from milkshakes one day of every 12 days. If there is too much suffering when drinking
milkshakes, then consuming many raw eggs by themselves and sipping raw milk
separately is a preferable solution throughout each day.
Aajonus’s (undated) answer to subscriber question, [ subscribers search “ thyroid cancer” in
quotes on WeWant2Live.com ]

Lungs
How do eggs heal lungs?
I can only give you a theory based on the fact that it works. All the proteins are already in
liquid form, so there is no digestion necessary. All you have to do is realign the enzymes
for the human system, which the pancreas can do.
And with the proper insulin hormones - not just the insulin, but the other pancreatic
hormones that could be released all throughout the body - the body can utilize them
anywhere, so it doesn't have to deliver them to the pancreas and the pancreas then has
to deliver it back to the stomach like it does with cooked food. But with the raw food, the
transition and transference can happen all over the body.
Also all of the fats in the yolk are completely dissolved and ready for instant digestion
and absorption and utilization. There is no digestion required, there is just a little
transformation in the structure; that's why eggs work so brilliantly. May 2, 2004

Mascara
For mascara, just use egg white. Brush it on. It thickens and hardens and darkens.
November 20, 2005

It thickens them [ eyelashes ] and darkens them and if you want to make them even darker
you could put some blackberry juice with an egg white and put it on there. It'll darken it.

November 20, 2005

Menopause
Eat no starch, eat no fruit, eat lots of vegetable juice, vegetable salads at night. Maybe
once or twice a week, lots of protein and lots of meat and lots of eggs... cheese and
berries. ...cream if you can get it, to relax the body and just enjoy those heat waves.
September 19, 2000

Mental focus
What you would say are the most important nutritional factors for mental focus and
maintaining like a good, mental well being, kind of you know focus
and... ... raw eggs and raw fish and raw chicken. Those are what I use
to keep on. And in a pinch you know, an egg will do it. But I could eat eggs all day long
and with that, without eating any fish or beef or any kind of flesh food, and then I would
find that I still had more difficulty recalling. Those particular foods are the most
important for clarity and not eating high carbohydrate foods for the first 6 hours that
you’re awake. December 14, 20 08

The cheese works wonderfully. For example, I was going to write that email the day
before, I couldn't do it, so I ate like a pound and a half of cheese. My mind cleared and I
was able to write it, but still was in and out. June 16, 2013

I need to suck an egg... the natural hydrogen peroxide. All I do is I start sucking eggs and
my brain goes Hey!. December 14, 2008

When I lose words, I know I don’t have enough blood sugar in my brain so I eat an egg. I
eat the white first. [ Aajonus demonstrates how to eat raw egg .] I break the integrity of the
shell at the fat end but don’t tear the membrane inside as don’t want it to collapse yet. At
the pointed end, I make a hole with my eye tooth in the shell and membrane. I first suck
out the white shaking it loose a bit if it’s bound to the yolk but not tilting it completely
upside down because the yolk is heavier and would come out first. Membrane collapses
as it empties. It will digest quicker and easier and get to my brain faster, if I eat the egg
white first. The egg white will nutrify my liver to make bile to digest the egg yolk. That
way, it will only take 27 minutes to digest the egg and it will turn into glycogen very
quickly. The protein from the white that doesn’t go into the liver will go right into the
digestive tract and form glycogen to feed the brain and nervous system. That’s why
when I start losing words I know I don’t have enough blood sugar my brain so I’ll suck an

egg. You have most of your bacteria in your mouth – more bacteria than cats and
dogs. So don’t bite anybody as you’ll cause break down in their tissue. August 24, 2008

- - - - - - - - -

Every time I go to a lecture or something, I fall asleep. Only one fruit a day.
Just suck an egg. Fruit will make you sleepy. May 20, 2012

Metals in the air
Where did you grow up?
New York.
Well, you must have been allergic to all those heavy metals in the air because they're all
throughout your lungs and chest cavity - the bronchials, everywhere. And it's just sitting
in there. Tomatoes, eat tomatoes with cheese, maybe 3 days a week. And I recommend
that you have about 8-10 eggs a day, right around 8. May 6, 2000 -

Mercury poisoning
You're a person who was exposed to a lot of mercury, so still that mercury is going to take
most of your nutrients. In order for you to get enough minerals and fats with those
minerals into your teeth in your jaw area, you have to eat a lot of cheese and honey
together, three times a day. Probably three tablespoons at a time, with two to two and a
half teaspoons of honey, followed with two ounces of milk each time. If you have two
meat meals, after you finish your meat meal, make sure you are having butter with your
meat. Twenty five minutes after you finish the meat meal, you have about two cubes of
cheese - which is about a teaspoon - to absorb the poisons that are starting to dump into
the stomach acids after the meat meal. Not from the meat, but from the toxicity that's in
the intestines and the stomach lining; then ten, fifteen minutes after that, your cheese
and honey. And follow that with two ounces of milk, almost immediately. And middle of
the night is when you have the third....cheese and honey together with milk.
June 16, 2013

The mercury that went to your hands and into your stomach, the milk helps pull it out.
And then you're reacting to the mercury and the aluminum is getting to your digestive
tract. So whenever you have milk, you should have cheese not only before the milk, but a
little grated cheese in the milk. June 16, 2013

I had one fellow that he had so much mercury and aluminum and sulfur and from sulfur-
based medications from when he was a child in his intestinal tract almost black as his

pupil. I thought this guy's never going to have clean intestines -- he’s going to have to eat
cheese every day of his life all day long -- to keep from poisoning himself. He came back
the next year we were comparing photos of last year’s eyes, to this year’s irises and 60
percent of the mercury and that metal was cleaned out of his intestinal tract - and he was
one person who did it meticulously every 15 minutes every day of that year. It was a year
and two months since I had seen him the last time. He removed 60 percent of those
toxins in just a year - when it used to take 10-15 years to remove them before I figured
out this method.

That cheese is so phenomenal that everybody has improved 2 to 5 times faster and there
are very few people who are so disciplined as that one person who does the
cheese. They will spend an hour and have another one and then a ½ an hour have
another one, then an hour and a half have another one. That’s not a routine that will
work as quickly as you're having it and your timing it.

I got one construction guy, on his belt, his tool belt he has one pouch for his 2 cup jar of
his sugar cubes sizes of cheeses, cheese bits. So he’s got his watch that will go off every
15 minutes that tells him to have a piece of cheese. He'll be drilling away and then pop
and then going right back to work and then you know he's got these water bottles with
the straws in them he's got belts for those down on his hips he'll pull one of those offs
and take a sip take a sip of the other one or just one at a time; so he's doing this all along
and he cleaned out 50% of his in one year.

So the people who do it meticulously have the best results. Everybody who's doing the
cheese frequently throughout the day has good results but those the more they do it the
more results they have and it’s exceptional. June 22, 2013

Mineralize
How about mineral deficiency?
The cheese will help correct that... and the milk. And I recommend 1-2 quarts a day plus
lots of milk and lots of eggs. I would say concentrate on those for about 6 weeks, 6 days a
week, and maybe ½ lb. of meat every day, of various types of meats, I'll get into what
percentage in a minute, and then after about 6 weeks, increase it up to about 1 lb. of
meat a day, and cut the eggs down to about 12-20 a day. But for 6 weeks, go 20-28 a day,
½ lb. meat. And keep up your juice, vegetable juice. Maybe you can let it go one day, 2
days a week, but never 2 days in a row. Berries I would wait until maybe August before
you start eating berries because that's going to pull them out even quicker. And I would
just like to make sure that your body is stabilized everywhere, so when that solvent and

those metals come out into your system, that your system will be protected. So the
chance of damage will be minimized. May 6, 2000

I have really bad mineral problems since I was young so I eat cheese with honey to mineralize.
Would your cheesecake be similar in re-mineralizing? If
you’re putting the honey in the cheese butter part simultaneously, yes; if you’re mixing
the honey with the butter first, then it won’t work. It will realize the minerals in the
cheese. You still need to eat raw cheese alone [ or just with butter ] to remove poisons.
If you eat cheese with fruit does it still act as a poison sponge? Does it act as a detoxifier?
You will digest some of that cheese and maybe re-digest the poisons, unless it’s a fruit
with high pectin in which case it will detoxify you and won’t reabsorb. Dates, figs, all
berries, and some apples and pears are all high in pectin. May 20, 2012

Mineralize after vinegar
Just remember: if you have a lot of vinegar, you’re going to decalcify, demineralize, your
system. So you have to eat enough cheese to keep up with that.
What's enough cheese?
... enough cheese? If you are having a teaspoon of vinegar, I would say you need at least
three tablespoons of cheese in a day. -

if I wanted to make lemonade – if I want to take fresh lemons let’s say and put some raw
honey in it and just drink it. Is that ok?
It is not a good thing to have very often. You can put cream in it – maybe eat some
cheese before you drink it - so you don’t demineralize, because lemonade with the honey
and the lemon will cause de-mineralization in the system. If you eat cheese before you
eat and a little dairy cream in your lemonade, it’s ok. It’s still going to do more taking-
apart in your body than rebuilding – it’s going to dry your skin out; it’s going to dry your
insides more. May 27, 2012

Morning sickness & cheese during pregnancy

If she has a lot of toxins in the body you want to eat a lot of cheese often so you don’t go
into morning sickness. Morning sickness is the body detoxing very toxic substances that
dump into the stomach. Vomit, vomit, vomit because the body does not - or the baby, the
placenta does not - want this poison going into the baby. So the mother has to vomit and

vomit and vomit, so if she’s eating cheese regularly, like a little piece every hour, it’ll help
keep the baby strong. February 22, 2009

Nausea
Eating this cheese will absorb those poisons as the body dumps them into the stomach
rather than out the skin and it does that. The lymph system takes its waste and dumps it
under the skin to be perspired out of the skin. If it’s jammed it won’t do it, so it dumps it
into the mucous membranes and if you get a cold or a flu or you’re spitting up mucous
regularly – that’s elimination through your mucous membranes; the mucous membranes
of the intestinal tract also – that’s where most of them get dumped. Whenever you get
nauseous that’s an indication that something’s toxic you’ve just eaten, or somewhere else
stored in your body is going to the stomach and dumping into the stomach.
October 14, 2012

You're talking about the lactate is...the lactose is a sugar.
Right, and that digests okay, because whenever I have eggs with the honey, I get nauseous, kind
of dizzy,...
It may be causing a liver detoxification, or even a gall bladder detoxification. So then I
would cut out the honey. May 6, 2000

Nerves - stabilizing

I haven’t been able to eat any fat since 1995.
That’s because you didn’t have raw butter and unheated honey.
I had each of those things but not together. What about cheese? I think I can’t possibly eat
cheese. Unsalted raw cheese and honey will stabilize your nerves.
Where [do I get the cheese]? You have to mail away for it. Some stores carry, I think, an
unsalted cheese – Organic Pastures. March 26, 2013
[ later, shipping applies only in California ]

Nervous system and brain – how to feed them
High meat and high eggs - do you eat those on an empty stomach? Should it be separated
from every other thing? Like meat, on an empty stomach and nothing eaten afterwards or you
can eat it with a regular meat meal or....
You can combine it with a normal meat meal.
How many times do you crack the eggs to get them high? ...

All the way around ... get it cracked all the way around, then you put it near the sun
where it stays warm.
What do they do?
Feed the brain and nervous system. I've got people who only do high meat, only do high
eggs. They don't eat anything fresh. And they are the funniest, happiest people in the
world. One fellow reached two pounds a day and he is the greatest person I know.
May 26, 2013

Nervous system detox
Usually my recipes in the book handle toxicity in the blood. They do not handle it in the
nervous system. Usually the toxicity is in the nervous system when it’s in the brain, as in
migraines or cluster headaches - it’s in the nervous system. Those remedies don’t work
with the nervous system; they’ll only help a tiny bit. So you’ve got to eat a lot of cheese,
got to eat eggs, got to make sure that you don’t go to sleep at the time when the nervous
system kicks in to do its detoxification, at midnight -until you get better. May 23, 2010

Nervous system disorders
Can this help somebody who has had shock treatments? Shock treatments. Shock.
Usually they have a hard focusing and concentrating.
Is that part of the myelin?
Well, what they're doing is, they're destroying the ganglia....
Oh that's different....the egg...
Yeah...the egg. Well that would help that too. That would help restore.
Right - that's what I'm talking about

Yeah that will help restore because it has the meat; it has fish with it. If it didn't have the
fish with it, you may not get the protein to replace the myelin properly. But it will also
help restore the ganglion axions if they're damaged.....
OK.....so is this for people who have MS or Lou Gherig's disease?
Absolutely. They need both. MS is being, their nerve cells are destroyed because of the
mercury and other metals including lead and cadmium. And they need to restore the
nerves. So that's an excellent thing for them to have....
So Lou Gherig's disease too? Anything that involves nerves and muscular dystrophy....
June 16, 2013

Cheese with honey... Do you spit it out?
No that’s oil pulling. When you have honey with cheese it’s to digest the cheese. You don’t
digest no-salt, raw cheese. There are no enzymes and it’s just going to absorb poisons.
So, to get your concentrated minerals, you mix a slight bit of honey with the cheese like
1:3. So if it’s three tablespoons of cheese, it’s three teaspoons of honey. I do less: only
one and half to two teaspoons of honey to digest my cheese. Then you get all this
mineral concentration to help the nerves and the whole system. I have to eat a lot
because of all the mineral loss from those poisons in my body. March 26, 2013

Nuts
All nuts have enzyme suppressants in them. If you eat them by themselves, it will prevent
you from digesting proteins. It could also make you depressed or sluggish; it manifests
differently for each person. That is why I always suggest you blend them to a powder,
mix in an egg or some kind of fat – cream, peanut oil, coconut butter, butter...

...4 oz of nuts (either pine nuts, walnuts, pecans halves – any combination) and 3 oz of
your given choice of fat, 1 egg, 1-2 tsp of honey (depending on how sweet you like it) and
blend that. That way the butter and the honey will convert the enzyme suppressant into
an enzyme active ingredient. May 21, 2000

Most people do not digest nuts. There is an enzyme suppressant in all nuts. So the
formula I gave which breaks that down which is: four oz. of nuts (pecans, walnuts, filberts,
pine nuts, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds) – any one of those or any combination of all
six of them. Blend them to a powder. Blend one to two eggs; two tbsp. of honey, three to
four oz. of cream, raw coconut cream, butter, of the Spectrum peanut oil which is light

yellow in color. Blend that for about 30-50 seconds and there you will digest just about
everything. That formula took me years to come up with that. It neutralizes the
enzymatic suppressants in nuts without germinating them. Once you germinate them –
soak them – you turn them into a vegetable, so you do not digest them very well. You are
caught between a rock and a hard place. When you eat that formula it neutralizes the
enzyme inhibitors in the nuts. November 17, 200

Does sprouting seeds and nuts help with digestion?
It makes it worse. It turns it into a vegetable. So if you want to take nuts and do what I do,
I make a paste of it, I'll make a nut butter sauce, or like a pudding, I'll take 1/2 cup of
either walnuts which are very soft and the oil's pretty good, and/or pecans, rarely use
almonds because they're so difficult to digest, pine nuts, and macadamia nuts, if you can
find them non-kiln-dried in the shell, otherwise any already-shelled macadamia is going
to be kiln-dried at 110 degrees or more. It makes it very difficult to digest. What I do is
take 1/2 cup nuts, one of those four, and I'll blend them into a powder, and then I'll add
peanut oil or butter and egg, definitely put an egg in, if I have butter I'll use butter first,
raw cream second, peanut oil third. And I'll add 1-2 tbsp honey. And sometimes tsp of
raw carob powder and blend that together and have myself a little pudding treat. And I
found no ill effects from eating the nuts that way. And it does not promote detoxification
of nerve tissue the same way. 1999 -

Osteoporosis
Yeah, so if you want to do that - if anybody has osteoporosis - you have at least about 2
ozs of cheese and that’s a lot of cheese at one time and you have half that amount of
butter with it and a sixth that amount of honey, so you’d have 1 tablespoon honey for 1oz
butter, 2ozs of cheese. May 23, 2010

When you want to restore bone – if you have osteoporosis, that’s what she has – you
need to eat cheese with honey after each meat meal. This is usually recommended if
somebody has osteoporosis: 2 tablespoons of cheese – raw, no-salt cheese – with about
2 teaspoons of honey, maximum. You can cut it down to 1 teaspoon per 2 tablespoons of
cheese. A small amount of honey is all it takes. That way you will digest the minerals in
the cheese and you cannot get any higher concentration of minerals than you can in raw,
no-salt cheese. So, that’s your best mineral supplement. July 10, 2007

So, your body starts leaching from its own bone – that’s osteoporosis. To relieve that, you
eat three times a day. I’ve taken people who’ve been as much as 32% bone loss – women
mainly – 32% bone loss, which is considered severe. That’s when you start cracking
everything – you have a fall and you break your hip bone. What I have them do is have
two tbsp. of cheese three times daily with one ½ to two tsp. Honey.
Can you repeat that again?
It is two tbsp. raw no salt cheese with one ½ to two tsp. honey. And the honey and the
cheese have to go down the throat together, so you can mash them or put the honey and
the cheese in your mouth at the same time. Now, when you eat anything dehydrated
there are no bio-active enzymes. Food will not digest properly without leaching nutrients
from some other area of your body. However, honey is mainly enzymes for digestion. So,
when you eat the honey with the cheese you provide yourself with the nutrients to digest
the cheese. Because it is so concentrated it’s like taking this much milk and reducing it to
this and concentration of minerals. When you eat it with the honey mainly it’s the
minerals – it’s a mineral supplement. It would be like taking a bottle of rock minerals that
you will never digest anyway because we don’t digest rock minerals. But in cheese form,
those minerals are already in food form. We just add the bioactive enzymes of honey
back to it and then we have a digestible food which should replace the bone very quickly.

Now, the one person I was talking about that came in – the 32% bone loss – she reversed
it in 20 months. October 14, 2012

What causes osteoporosis?
Your body is eating its own minerals. You need to eat cheese with honey, twice a day
thirty minutes after a meat meal: one to two tablespoons of cheese with a very small
amount of honey. The honey and the cheese have to go together. To digest a dry food
substance you have to have honey or some other enzyme with it that will allow it to be
digested. Cheese eaten without honey directly in it, like in cheesecake, will be digested.
But without honey directly in it, it acts as a magnet and a sponge for poisons and it goes
off and you discard it. You don't digest any cheese unless you have honey directly with
that cheese. So most of the cheese you eat should be the sponge and the magnet for
drawing all those poisons out of the body and take them out. Two times a day, thirty
minutes after a meat meal, you have the cheese and the honey together; say you have
one and a half tablespoons of cheese. You'd have a half to a three-quarter of a teaspoon
of honey - a very small amount of honey to a greater amount of cheese.

August 24, 2008

Cheesecake – cheese and honey - bad for you?
If you’re trying to re-mineralize the body because you have bone deterioration –
osteoporosis – you can eat cheesecake – wonderful. But 10 minutes before you eat
cheesecake, have a piece of cheese without honey. September 26, 2010

Pain
Blend that [ the pain formula – see appendix page 1 19 below ] for 50 seconds then eat it with
cheese. Now I've been telling people to drink 5oz every few hours as necessary, after 2- 5
hours drink 2-3oz more and eat a little cheese with it. We have potlucks in LA every 2
months. We have a potluck, maybe 40-50 people come and we share all this, everybody's
recipe for raw meat. It's a great celebration. Every 2 months. And they asked me to speak,
and I'll speak. One woman got up and gave her testimony about the pain formula. But
she wanted to address how she took it differently than what I recommended. She was a
woman who was 39 years old. She has had menstrual cramps, since the age of 12, that
put her in bed 3 days a month. Literally in bed, she cannot move, the pain is so severe.
She woke that morning with the pain, the cramping. She went to the kitchen, forced
herself up, made the pain formula, drank it all at one time, with the amount of cheese
that I told her to eat which was for the whole thing, 1/4-1/3 brick of cheese. Cheddar
works a little bit better if you're a person who gets migraines it's better to use the other
cheeses. And only cuts it down maybe 5% of its value of its therapy. She drank the whole
thing at once and ate all the cheese at once. For the 1st time in her life she did not have
any cramps for the rest of that time. They went away in 20-40 minutes. So it's a great
formula, everybody loves it, it even works for migraines, I couldn't get it until I had the
cheese and other things involved. It didn't work for migraines before, this now works for
migraines. May 6, 2000

Pain formula details
You can add honey to it, right?
You can add 1tsp of honey if you like - only a tsp.
What kind of cheese?
...Cheddar - the raw no-salt-added cheddar cheese. You can use any of the other raw no-
salt-added cheeses like the Munster or the Monterey. But the Cheddar for some reason
works a little better. May 6, 2000

[Here is] my formula for any kind of pain except for migraines, and it works. I have even
refined what I have in the book. The one in book works 85 % of the time. Now it works

95% of the time. At least that is what I have been exploring in the last 1 ½ years: 2 eggs,
3 - 4 oz of cream, tsp lemon or lime, 5-6 heaping tbsp of fresh soft bee pollen. My
suggestion is that, if you have pain, do not go 5-6 hours without having another 1-2 oz.
Now that formula will work for 80-90% of the pain. The way I got it up another 10-15% I
got them to eat cheese with it. So with the first 3 oz of that formula if you take an 1” by 1
½ “ which is the thickness of the brick of cheese and eat that along with your 3 oz the first
time, then after that with 1-2 oz per oz you eat 1 sugar cube sized amount of the cheese.
If you eat more cheese does that throw it off?
Sometimes it can but most often times it does not. And it can cause a little dehydration
because it is not getting into the blood as quickly. If you had a little drink of water, or
milk, that will help elevate that if you have a little more cheese. This works for any pain
except migraines. Jan. 22, 2000

if you're having pain, cheese and this pain formula are your best bet. It doesn't work in
some cases like migraines, but it works in joint and tooth problems, bruises, knee
injuries, any kind of injury. It does not work more than 50% with headaches. And with the
cluster headaches, it still only works maybe 30%. But in every other case, it works
anywhere from 60-90%. It will mitigate the pain. Sometimes it will relieve it entirely, any
pain, even tooth abscesses. And those are the worst in my opinion except if you split a
bone. One egg, preferably 3oz cream - if you don't have cream, cow's cream, use coconut
cream - 3oz of milk and 6 heaping tbsp of fresh bee pollen. Now it has to be the bee
pollen that's refrigerated, and crumbles in your fingers, just comes apart - very soft. If it's
pellets, it's been heated, kiln-dried, and cooked. It will not have the same effect. ALSO
ADD LEVEL TSP OF LEMON OR LIME JUICE. Blend that together, and drink at least 4oz
right away and about 1-2oz every 3-4 hours as you need it for pain. And keep re-making it
as you need it. It doesn't make very well in larger quantities. It doesn't blend as well for
some reason. November 7, 1999

...1-2oz every 2-4 hours as you need it for pain. And what you do is, you take a bite of
cheese, about the size of a sugar cube, any of the raw unsalted cheeses, bite that off,
have a sip of it then chew them together. It will improve the pain relief by about 20-40%,
just by having the cheese with it. I'm always working on this, folks - always trying to
improve. November 7, 1999

Pain Formula, Drinking Too Fast
Okay. I kind of chug it [the pain formula]. Well, I drink it rather quickly.

If you drank it in 3 minutes you chugged it. The liver with that much heavy fat – you have
two eggs in there, 5 level tbsp of b-pollen, ½ tsp of lime juice, 1 tsp honey, 4 oz of either
raw cream, coconut cream or butter. That fat in there all at one time - that liver has to
deal with it all. And guess what gets thrown off. The liver wants the stuff you have given
it. But what is going to happen to the other fat you cannot hold? It is going to throw it
into the blood. September 19, 2000

Personal body care
Have you stopped using egg white for shaving?

Yeah, I stopped using egg – probably six years ago. Then I went to coconut cream, and
now I’m on milk. May 27, 2012

If I don’t put it in my mouth I will not put it in my skin because the skin eats live cells. For
my soap and shampoo, I blend one egg, 3-4 oz of green vegetable juice, about 2-3 oz of
milk and a tsp honey and a ¼ tsp of vinegar. January 22, 2000

If we are using a razor to shave with, does the metal get into the skin?

You would have to be using coconut cream as your lubricant when you shave and it
would have to be on the blade for about 10 minutes. When I shave I use a whole egg,
whip it with my finger and leave it very slimy and mucousy and put it on the skin and
then shave. I get the razor and shave with that and never cut myself. When I finish, I put
the whole egg on again and let it dry and it is a good facial. September 19, 2000

Can you put butter on your skin when you want to shave?
I have found that it really does not make the blade glide properly. When I use butter,
cream, whipped cream on my face it still causes me to cut myself. When I use the whole
raw egg, the slimy, slimy stuff it works perfectly. I never cut myself. That includes the yoke
and all. You can use just the egg white to shave with but I have found that the yoke
actually does a facial number.

Shampoo

So I've been using vegetable juice as a wash for hair but my white hairs in my beard pick up
the green and.... I started using the lemon juice and do you have any other suggestions?
I use fermented coconut cream. I let it turn pink and then I know... I dilute it. I use 10%
coconut cream and use 90% water and then use it, I wet my hair first, get all the dead
cells out of it. Put that mixture in there and then my whole body..... How
long does it take to ferment? If
you leave it in a warm place....with not direct sunlight....could be a week.
You don't use eggs anymore, you can't...
Yeah, but it stinks, too many people say oh, you smell like rotten eggs.
Yeah the egg and.... I experimented with several things and I found that coconut cream is
the best. June 16, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

What’s the best way to help re-mineralize your teeth?

Just the way I said it: Eat cheese often, so your body’s not using your key minerals to bind
with the poisons. When you’re eating the cheese and honey together, you’re filling your
body with tremendous amounts of... If you’ve got a real serious problem at any
particular time, you do that three times a day: twice after a meat meal because you’re
only having one meat meal a day – that means you have to take it two other times – and
the middle of the night is the one time in the middle of the night that is best. And that’ll
help if you stick with it. October 14, 2012

As far as re-mineralizing teeth is the cheese a substitute for the fermented milk and egg shell
formula that you recommended to me last year?
Yeah, it works a little better.
The cheese is better?
Yeah.
Good, I like it better.
I do too.
Do you eat the cheese and honey 10 minutes before a cheese?
You eat the cheese – it’s always the cheese 10 minutes before you have the cheese and
honey.
Yeah, but even in the middle of the night do you do it?
Yeah, still I have a piece of cheese first but you don’t have to wait a full 10 minutes; 5
minutes is fine during the middle of the night. And when you have that cheese with
honey it should be about a three to one ratio – maximum. So, let’s say you’re having a
tbsp. of cheese, you have a tsp. of honey only; you have three tbsp. of cheese, you can

have two and a half to three tsp. of honey. October 14, 2012

I have a problem with my teeth because I’m losing bone in my lower mandible.
Eat cheese and honey to increase the minerals in the body, sipping on milk all day long.
This helps restore bone. September 13, 2009

Plaque [ affecting nervous system ]
To get rid of that kind of plaque, I suggest you take a piece of unsalted, raw cheese and
ten minutes later drink the following mixture: about 2 oz coconut cream, half a cup of
pineapple, and ¼ tsp vinegar (raw ACV), 1 tbl butter, 2 tbl dairy cream, and 1 tbl honey.
Drink slowly – take 30 minutes. It will start taking it out a little at a time. Do this five days
a week taking two days off – they don’t have to be consecutive days. After maybe six-
seven months increase to ½ tsp vinegar. September 26, 2010

Poisons from chemtrails
To deal with that, I eat chlorella and clay with milk. Also vinegar and milk - anything that’s
going to pull the poisons out of the body and neutralize them. Cheese is also a great
binder of poisons. Eggs help build the mucus to bind with the poisons. ... I put the
vinegar in the milk, the clay I just eat and the chlorella I mix with egg and cottage cheese.
I have 1-2 heaping teaspoons of chlorella a day. I have 5Tb of cottage cheese, egg and
chlorella with my meat meal. I’ll also do sour cream with chlorella and meat, when they’re
bombing us. September 13, 2009

Prunes?
Dates are about the only dried fruit that’s OK... but eaten with butter or butter and
cheese – not alone. September 26, 2010

Radioactive material
Sounds like radioactive material. Did you have barium for upper or lower GI? There you
go. Eating enough blueberries? Blueberries, coconut cream, cheese and a little dairy
cream at least every other day. May 20, 2012

You said that eggs turn into a solvent at times. Are the eggs okay for me even with the
radiation?

You need those eggs to bind with the radioactive acids and the cancer acids.
And the ones - Rocky style - are better for me?
Yes. November 17, 2000

Rotten/high egg
Is rotten egg OK? I was buying a basket of 200 eggs from a village while in China

Absolutely! However, those eggs are put in clay and dirt. They don’t have a lot of bacteria
and are mostly broken down with fungus. So,
to make a high egg do you just poke a hole and put it outside? No
hole or you’ll have maggots and tiny flies. They would digest differently and would feed
the glands a little bit but wouldn’t necessarily feed the brain and nervous system. When I
really want an egg to rot well and predigest, I take the rounded side of a metal spoon and
tap it until I hear a big crack. Then I’ll keep turning and tapping all the way around getting
big cracks, not tearing the membrane. Then the oxygen isn’t really getting in. More light is
passing in - not enough to cause it to harden but to blacken with bacteria. Outdoors, it
needs to be above 80 degrees. Indoors it could take six weeks. [ Rotten eggs ] don’t really
smell until open and then only within 6 inches. The taste is like a really salted hard-boiled
egg. You have to put blinders on because it looks ugly and the smell is not too good. Use
swimmer’s nose clips. This is something you should eat if you have depression, your
mind isn’t clear and you’re not thinking well. January 27, 2013 - -

Ruptured veins
I'm going to take 10% off the celery and give you 10% green cabbage because you have
some cells on the left side of your body, some veins that are rupturing. You got a lack of
vitamin K and vitamin U. And that'll correct it. They're bursting, which would lead you to
thrombosis and varicose veins later in life. You can take care of pretty quickly because it
hasn't gone very far. Honeycomb would be a good thing for those veins too. Beeswax.
Fruit -- not too much at all. ...banana, maybe 1/2 banana a day. That's a very slow-moving
fruit, and there's starch in it, so, and make sure you have some cheese with it.
November 7, 1999

Salt craving
Okay, your body is craving minerals and digestibility. All you do is take cheese and honey
three times a day. 2 Tablespoons of raw unsalted cheese, ½-1 a teaspoon of honey only,
eat them together in your mouth. Raw cheeses do not digest in the human digestive

tract. The body uses it as a sponge for chelation to draw out poisons and passes them
out through the feces. Cooked cheese does the same thing but, it will absorb all of those
poisons but then it gets reabsorbed into the body because it’s been cooked, it’s all
fractionated. But somehow the body knows with the raw cheese how to handle it and
just passes it out. Unless you eat honey with it, in which case it’s all absorbed and
digested. You get to use all the minerals to resupply. It’s a mineral supplement
September 13, 2009

Skin – soothing and protecting
Only butter will do that, cream won't do that. Cream won't even get near the skin; cream
is all absorbed by the glands and the organs, and nervous system. Butter is the only thing
that will get to the skin from ingesting - especially if you are using the
lubrication/moisturizing formula - because it allows it to be slowly pre-digested with the
lemon juice and the egg in it, so it allows the liver to handle it easily and get it to the skin.
May 2, 2004

Skin lesions
What do you recommend for mild lesions? I have had a few fever blisters and mild acne.
That is usually toxicity coming out of the tissues like the byproducts of your hormone
supplements. And there is no way you can get around that without eating lots of raw
eggs, tons of raw eggs - maybe 6-10 a day. Your sex glands are just drying out. So eat lots
of eggs and raw fats. Anywhere from 80-90% of your depression will go away as long as
you are eating meats. 19 99

Sleep apnea
That is when breathing shuts down suddenly and then wakes you up.
If you have that, you have toxins stored in your nervous system. High adrenalin, caffeine,
soda pop, chocolate cause that. If you have that caffeine in your brain and it drips down
into your throat, it’s going to paralyze your throat temporarily. If you’ve gotten injections
of novocaine, it can cause sleep apnea. Those masks aren’t going to help. You need to
sleep on your side or your face. On your back, you’re forcing those poisons to go down
the back of your throat, and that causes the cessation of the muscle reaction until
thyroxin hormone is produced to start you breathing again. Put hot water bottles on
your neck and eat cheese and honey together twice daily to make sure you get enough
minerals. September 26, 2010

Staying up late at night
If you’re going to stay up late, you have to eat cheeses and butter - something that’s
going to absorb the poison. It’s going to pull them out of your blood so they don’t get
locked into the brain. Also, when you’re up that long sometimes the nerves can build up
and then when you’re heavily into detoxifying the nervous system, between midnight and
5 AM, you’ve got too much going on in the brain. May 23, 2010

Survival foods
When I went hiking for nine days in the Waipi’o Valley on the big island in Hawaii, I took a
mixture of 1:5 honey and butter and put it in a half-gallon Lexan container. Lexan
doesn’t leach easily. Didn’t start fermenting until the ninth day and I was backpacking all
over the big island – 25 miles to a store. I did go into markets and get organic beef. I
didn’t jar it to take with me. I was living off avocados, some meat, and honey and
butter. You can take dates, lots of no-salt cheese butter and honey. May 20, 2012

So if we were to go out ten days without having a resupply, like if we just had to carry it with us
for ten days... Like I
say butter and honey is your best thing to take. As
your only food?
Well, I'd still take some cheese.
So for breakfast, lunch and dinner you'd say just butter, honey and cheese?

... and you could take nuts, seeds. Seeds are a little bit better. You know pumpkin seeds
and sunflower seeds are good nutrients but you have to eat them with the honey and
butter and I would take an egg, at least one egg, a day. So let’s say you're going ten days,
that's at least ten eggs, you know for each person. August 24, 2008

How do you use foods in survival kit - such as cheese, butter, figs, dates - instead of raw milk?

Very differently, as I drink a lot of milk.
Well, you wouldn’t have milk in a situation like that unless you had a cow or a goat. One
main thing would be lots of butter and if it turns into blue cheese it’s even better as you’ll
digest more of it. Normally, when you eat butter you’re digesting about 70% of it. If you
let it mold into a blue cheese, you’ll be digesting almost 96% of it. Some people don’t like
the taste but can make a dressing out of it. It’s fine to have moldy cheese and moldy
butter. I’ve kept them up to a year out of the refrigerator. Cheese, though, grows white
spores off the top. May 20, 2012

TB Testing, Remedy for
Immediately after injection, leave the doctor's office. Have a raw egg and glass ready.
Break the egg into the glass and whip white and yolk together vigorously. Suck the fluid
from the lump at the enlarged puncture wound, and expectorate it. Lightly apply the egg
on and within 2 inches around the lump. That is all there is to preventing mass toxicity
from your TB test. Article: TB Testing

Toxic intestines
What do you do?
Landscaping.
Oh, that's very active. Yeah, then you can definitely eat 20-28 eggs a day. That's the only
way I see you're going to get rid of that bile. You don't have to do it every day, all the time,
but you need to just load your body up with it, you need to get fat around here, and then
take it off, and get fat around there, because if this bile with that kind of metal toxicity
and solvents gets to your intestines without enough fat around here, it's going to put
holes in your intestines. And then you'll find yourself not able to function. So, you want to
make sure you can build that up. Cheese is going to be very helpful too, because when
your body takes some of that, it's going to dump it right into the stomach, and the cheese
will help absorb it, so you won't have so much nausea. There'll be times when you
probably will have to vomit it up. May 6, 2000

Some people are so toxic in their intestines I say even with your meat you need to grate a
little cheese in there with it... cheese throughout the meat.
I noticed you said have cheese with your milk. Grated cheese in there?
Uh huh.
I've never heard that.
You have it with everything. If you have gas, you have it with everything.
Ah
ha.....
... a little bit of cheese with everything.
And that's not with the honey? Cheese and butter right?
Cheese and honey will never cause gas because your body doesn't have to rely upon
enzymes to react with bacteria to digest it. June 16, 2013

- - - - - - - - -

Traveling
I’m still thinking about traveling. You told that story about the eggs. And I can’t go through the

airport with the eggs. And I feel I need an egg. I feel wonderful that I learned how to crack an
egg. Well I assume I can take two eggs with me?
Yeah, you probably could – they’ll just think it’s hard-boiled. That’s what they do. They ask
you: “Are these hard-boiled?” And I say: “As hard as I want it.”
”As hard as you want it.” I remember last time you said that. I take two of these because it
really makes me feel very energetic when I eat this.
That’s because eggs digest in about 27 minutes completely and it takes very little effort of
the intestinal tract to digest that protein and fat – the proteins in the egg white and the
egg yolk is all the fat. July 20, 2008

- - - - - - - - -
While traveling, I always take a minimum of enough meat to last 36 hours. That is usually
enough time to get to a store, preferably a health food store. For every 14 days of travel, I
take 2½ pounds of no-salt-added raw cheeses, 1 quart of unheated
honey and 3 pounds of unsalted raw butter.
When I backpacked in Hawaii and did not have refrigeration,... My cheese was fine
without refrigeration. The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Upset stomach
...cheese or milk.. a little kefir. September 26, 2010

Vaccines, recovery from I'd
probably say if somebody had a vaccine, one vaccine, probably three tablespoons of
vinegar a day... but one at a time. So space it and about three tablespoons of coconut
cream and two tablespoons of dairy cream – to protect the nerves - or about two ounces
of milk. And have that three times a day if you've been in the military, I would suggest
two tablespoons three times daily for about nine days. But you have to - if you're going to
have that quantity - you have to eat about three tablespoons of cheese, with two
teaspoons of honey four to five times a day to make sure you don't demineralize.
May 26, 2013

How would you take ACV for vaccines?
It is probably best with coconut cream and a little milk. For one vaccine, probably use
three tablespoons of vinegar, three tablespoons of coconut cream and two of dairy
cream, three times a day, to protect the nerves... or about two ounces of milk. If military,
would suggest upping to two tablespoons, three times a day for about nine days. But if
you’re going to have that quantity, you’re going to have to eat about three tablespoons of
cheese with two teaspoons of honey 4-5 times a day to make sure you don’t

demineralize. March 26, 2013

If by chance you are abducted and given vaccines, I suggest eating lots of cheese, butter,
butter/honey mixture, cilantro leaves and juice, plenty of eggs, meats and milk, and
berries with cream. January 9, 2011

What are you doing to combat the vaccines that you got?
I’ve had to eat a lot of cheese, take a lot of baths, do clay packs, eat a lot of clay. I’ve eaten
chlorella. I’ve been doing a lot of that with cottage cheese in sour cream when I got back
here. September 13, 2009

- - - - - - - - -

Now since I was subdued in that hotel room and injected with those three shots my
mercury levels – my aluminum levels are off the charts. Same with vaccines – I’ve had two
vaccines. So, that’s obvious to me what they have injected me with. Now, my hair has
gone very gray and I’ve lost six teeth now since I was injected. And I have berries with
eggs and vinegar and pineapple almost every day to get rid of those poisons faster and
lots of cheese to help remove that. And after those injections my skin was bursting open
and bruising and bleeding. It happened over again when I headed back – and it looks like
I was hit with a grenade – the shrapnel from a bomb.
Eggs, berries and what else?
Pineapple, vinegar and berries – all of those chelate with those metal toxins.
Does it get out the vaccines?
...and heavy metals. October 14, 2012

Vaginal itching
Now, if you have a low mucus formation in the vaginal area, you need to do it with a
milkshake, not with plain milk. So have egg in it and a little extra cream with the milk
because the body cannot form a lot of mucus simply with milk. It takes egg and extra
cream with the milk to do it. ... It usually takes a concentrated protein from the egg white
and the egg yolk, combined with the milk to really strongly produce enough mucus to
protect you. July 10, 2011

This chapter is written by you.

Open a word document, copy and paste the excerpts above that apply to you. Then treat that
as if you had just consulted Aajonus. Make your plan and start in your own new healing
program.

After some time, do this again as different things may be important to you.

Eggs and cholesterol
Los Angeles Times researcher Emily Green wrote, “My foray through Salmonella literature going
back to World War II did reveal a remarkable phenomenon. In the last 12 years, what was
perfectly legitimate speculation by CDC doctors concerning the possible origin of [Salmonella]
enteritis somehow transmogrified into fact once it reached the pages of political reports. It
should be stressed that CDC speculation concerning S. enteritis remains unproved. This is not
surprising. Scientific and medical journals are not tablets of stone. Much of what appears in
them is guesswork. This also explains the recent turnaround over cholesterol in eggs [now
viewed by the scientific community as benign].” (The Great Egg Panic, LA Times, Jan. 4, 2000.)
The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Meat, Eggs, Milk, Cheese, Nuts and Seeds require an acidic digestive environment for
proper digestion. The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Hot-cold hydrotherapy
If you’re staying in 120-degree water more than 7-8 minutes you’re causing brain
damage; if you’re in cold water more than a minute, you’re going to cause some serious
damage. Swedish know this and go into the ice-cold water for one minute maximum and
they time it – usually for 45-58 seconds and jump out. They’ll stay in hot water 108 to 110
maximum for 45 minutes. Back and forth. Very stimulating. Very taxing on the body;
causes massive detoxification. Good, if you’ve got enough fat in your intestines, in your
nerves. Eat butter, cheese and honey. September 26, 2010

Shipping out of the country
About the only raw food I could get to my son in China is cheese.
Why not butter?
OK I’ll ship it, too - cheese and butter.
I have plenty of people living in foreign countries – Aruba, Philippines... Their families
ship them 20 pounds at a time. If he’s not getting good local food at least give him
something that’s going to build his system honey with cheese and butter. May 20, 2012

Some people have a problem if they have a digestibility problem. If they have intestinal
problems, do not handle eggs well for a while. One time I saw it take 2.5 years before the
person could eat eggs.
Then you don't suggest they try the
eggs?
No, I tell them to stay away from eggs, but maybe couple a week. That's all.
D o you worry at all about the...you probably think it's nuts, but they say that biotin is bound
by egg white...
The spell check when my book was done, and I talk about that in my book, it substituted
the avidin for albumen. So when you see albumen when I talk about the biotin and the
albumen, that's supposed to be avidin. That happens in a test tube and not in the human
body. Not in an animal's body. And when they check the feces and find a high rate of
avidin and biotin together, it's always in the accompaniment of bio-carbons.
May 6, 2000

Raw Egg Safety
I did the testing. Phytic acid [ a controversial acid ] wasn’t active. It had no activity when it
came out of the bowel and there was no problem with mineral absorption and protein
utilization. They say that the avidin in the egg white will bind with the biotin in the egg
yolk. However, in raw eggs I have never had that happen. Sometimes I eat up to 50 raw
eggs a day, I’ve eaten at least 100,000 raw eggs in my lifetime and I have never had a
biotin deficiency. What they do in the laboratory has nothing to do with what happens in
the human body. May 23, 2010

Avocado with orange? Stay away from eggs with orange?
Avocado and fruit go together fine. When I have avocado, I still have a little bit of butter.
Stay away from eggs with orange, unless you’re having an Orange Julius with cream and
honey. Orange Julius used to be orange juice and ice cream made with eggs, dairy and
cream. January 9, 2011

Steak Tartar in a restaurant
Steak tartar is usually ground or finely chopped beef with egg yolk. A lot of them will eat
the egg white on the side like I do. I used to call ahead to restaurants and talk to the chef
directly saying, “Listen. I’m on a special diet, I’m diabetic, have cancer and have to have a
special tartar meal. No salt, ground pepper OK but no peppercorns, and chop a little

cilantro or parsley into it, a little tomato, an egg yolk and put the egg white in a little cup
on the side.” The chefs cope with the egg white on the side more easily than mixed in.
Usually, these chefs enjoy preparing something different and come out to serve it. I’ve
never been refused. September 11, 2011

My cousin doesn't have muscles. His father was very athletic when he was young and it
surprised me that he didn’t have...
Well, he stopped digesting his proteins, he digests his fats: lots of eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs.
November 18, 2007

Dog or cat paralysis

I have many people call me and say my dog or my cat is completely paralyzed,
they're dragging their back end, they won't eat, they won't do anything and I said you just
have to see this through. Sometimes if you have to squirt some milk down fine; get
cheese down them, mash it up with some yogurt. Get the cheese down to absorb that
stuff so it can get it out quicker and it usually takes five or six months for that cycle then
they're back to normal and they wonder how they could be crippled. August 8, 20 08

How to get stem cells
Have you eaten unrefrigerated, fertile eggs with developing chick for their stem cells?
I’ve eaten bunches of them in China. They eat a lot of those in Asia and usually go older
so that when you open it, the chick is more developed - sometimes with cartilage and
bone developing – rubbery. Stem cells is a theory that hasn’t been proven. You’re not
going to digest most of the egg when it is developing into a chick unless you’ve been
eating a Primal Diet for 20 years, know how to generate a lot of hydrochloric acid, or you
blend it into a solution. In an egg, you have every nutrient on this planet. You can let it
start developing but once the sinew and tendons start developing you’re just not going to
digest it well unless you’ve been on the diet a long time.
Are there other ways to generate stem cells?
Well, you can eat eggs, bone marrow, testes or sperm but have to find a healthy animal
or person. Feeding a chicken a vegetarian diet is the worst thing you can do. Chickens are
not vegetarian. They’re mainly scavengers and eat rotten meat and bugs. If they eat
rotten meat – which they prefer, they won’t eat bugs. They eat carcasses like vultures.
That’s why I have Amish farmers butchering their animals and leaving what they don’t
use for the chickens who eat it as it rots as well as the ensuing maggots. Usually you see

chickens going around pecking each other – because they’re starving. These Amish
chickens that are fed my way are walking around rubbing against your leg like a cat and
never pecking each other – none of that. If you have to buy eggs, buy eggs from New
Zealand. You will get very excellent eggs from Amish farmers or Rahealthyfoods.com.

[ now a part of farmmatch.com ] January 27, 2013

- - - - - - - - -
My question is about egg shells. Should we put them in with our smoothie?
No. In the experiments I have done with egg shells it takes a gizzard to break them down.
We do not do it well. I found a lot of cellular bleeding and a lot more blood in the stools
when eating egg shells. Dogs have a hydrochloric acid which can melt it down. Dogs do
okay with eggs but we do not. There are some tribes that can do it but they take lemon
or lime and dissolve it first but I have even found that dissolving the egg shells it still
creates lacerations in the intestines. If you want to put extra minerals in your food, grow
some plants – let’s say some celery or parsley - put lots of egg shells in your compost and
put that in there and it will put concentrated minerals to your vegetable juice.
November 17, 2000

[ Note: recipes and the following Primal Diet newsletter are copied from The Recipe for Living
Without Disease and other sources for your ease in creating your own action plan (in chapter
6)].

How to avoid toxicity in chicken and eggs

(Remedy to remove soy toxicity is in last paragraph)

Eliminate Soy Toxicity In Poultry Meat And Eggs: Many poultry feeds contain antibiotics,
hormones, arsenic and toxic soy protein. The reasons that arsenic is used in feed are to
keep insects and rodents from eating feeds, and as an antibiotic. Antibiotics are used to
suppress symptoms of and hide diseases. Hormones and soy proteins are used to hasten

and increase growth. All of those compounds are toxic and dangerous, causing diseases,
including cancer, heart, osteoporosis and diabetes. I covered Arsenic in my
accompanying article, "Arsenic In Poultry Meat And Eggs; Another Cancer Connection".
Here, of course, the topic is soy.

Soy must be treated to alter natural substances in it that cause sickness or death to
poultry and humans when eaten. The beans must be bathed in acidic baths and heated
at extreme temperatures. Then they spray-dry it with nitrates to produce protein powder,
and add artificial (chemical) flavorings, MSG, preservatives, sweeteners and other
synthetic ingredients to trick the pallet of poultry and humans to eat the toxic matter.

According to Dr. Jonathan V. Wright, MD, nitrates have been known for decades to cause
cancer, yet the FDA allows them in many foods. Soy contains many phytoestrogens, IGg
and trypsin inhibitor that have caused cancers and inhibited growth in hundreds of
animals. There are many websites that site toxicity and tests utilizing soy chemicals.
Search: "Soy toxic".

Poultry, especially chicken fed high ratios of soy protein to increased meat and egg
production, taste unappetizing. The more soy in the feed, the blander and oddly
unappealing is the taste. Fifty years ago, the population would have rejected eggs and
poultry meat that tasted like that. Poultry grown on mainly corn and other grains is rich
and healthy-tasting, as well as health-giving.

Very often, poultry meat and eggs that are labeled organic are fed mainly soy, such as
Rosie Organic Chicken. It is not only a misnomer, it is an outright advertising fraud. Even
though the soy that is fed to its chickens was organically grown, when the soy is
processed with chemicals and used as feed, it fails to be organic. Rosie "Organic" Chicken
feeds its chickens up to 75% chemically-treated and processed soy.

To get your poultry and eggs producers to grow tastier and healthier meat and eggs, I
suggest that you write to them, give them this information and ask them to feed their
poultry raw meat scraps (fresh or rank poultry love rank raw meat because they are

omnivorous scavengers) for protein, and corn and other grains for delicious, flavorful
and healthy meat and eggs. If they need a good mineral supplement to make eggshells
stronger, suggest that they add a little Terramin clay (www.terramin.com) to their feed.

To gradually remove soy byproduct toxicity from within the body, I suggest eating a
combination of 23 ounces coconut cream, 1inch cube no-salt-added raw cheese, 1

tablespoon unheated honey, 23inches section of unripe raw banana and 13 raw eggs.
Eating enough raw meat daily helps remove body-stored soy protein toxicity.

Many laboratory tests have proved that arsenic causes cancer even at low levels currently
found in our environment. Also, evidence suggests that arsenic contributes to other
diseases, such as diabetes, heart, and decline of mental function. Humans are exposed
to arsenic directly from its natural occurrence in the earth’s crust but arsenic is mined
and then used commercially. Drinking water, rice, and playground equipment are a few
of the daily exposures to cancer-causing arsenic. The Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) finally lowered its long-outdated arsenic drinking-water standard by fivefold in 2001.

Arsenic contaminates many of your favorite foods, including rice and chicken,
intentionally. In this article, we focus on chicken meat and eggs. For many
decades, chicken farmers have been feeding chickens arsenic to hasten and increase
growth and conceal symptoms of disease at youthful stages of chicken development. Of
the 8.7 billion American broiler chickens produced each year, at least 70 percent have
been fed arsenic.

Some of that arsenic remains in chicken meat; the following chart shows how much by
brand and cut.

Brand of Chicken # of Average packages Arsenic tested ppb

Smart Chicken Breast, nonorganic 5 1.7

Smart Chicken Thighs, nonorganic 5 1.5

Smart Chicken Breast, organic 5 2.0

Raised Right Leg quarters 5 1.6

Raised Right Breasts 5 ND (none detected)

Gerber's Amish Chicken Breasts 5 ND

Gerber's Amish Chicken Thighs 5 ND

Gold'n Plump Breasts, boneless 5 20.2

Gold'n Plump Leg quarters, thighs or drumsticks 5 12.0

Gold'n Plump Livers 5 221.8

Perdue/Roundys Breasts, boneless 5 21.2

Perdue/Roundys Leg quarters 5 20.1

Kadejan Breasts, free roam 5 2.1

Kadejan Thighs 5 5.3

Kadejan Liver, free roam 5 ND

Tysons Chicken thighs, frozen 1 ND

Tysons Chicken breasts, frozen, skinless 1 ND

Rocky Jr. Petaluma Breast, natural boneless skinless 5 ND

Rocky Jr./Petaluma Range whole leg 5 ND

Rosie’s Whole leg, organic 5 ND

Rosie’s Breasts, organic 5 ND

Foster Farms Fryer thighs 5 4.0

Foster Farms Breasts, boneless 5 ND

Trader Joes Thighs 5 8.7

Trader Joes Breasts, boneless skinless 5 7.4

Tysons Thighs, boneless, skinless 4 4.0

Tysons Chicken strips 5 ND

Farm Harvest Breast, boneless skinless 5 4.2

Farm Harvest Thighs 5 5.5

Spring River Farms Breasts 5 6.6

Empire Kosher Broiler chicken, whole 5 4.3

Foster Farms Livers 5 5.1

Popeye Breast, mild 5 32.4

Popeye Thigh 5 33.1

McDonald’s Chicken select premium breast strips 5 16.8

McDonald’s Chicken grilled sandwich 5 15.0

Jack in the Box Fried chicken strips 5 9.8

Jack in the Box Chicken club sandwich, patty only 5 29.5

Church’s Fried breast 5 27.7

Church’s Fried thigh 5 46.5

Carl's Jr. Fried breast strips 5 15.9

Carl's Jr. Santa Fe

Chicken Sandwich, patty only 5 11.0

Subway Chicken sandwich 5 4.9

Arby's Chicken sandwich 5 15.3

Wendy's Chicken grilled chicken breast 5 15.9

Wendy's Chicken pieces, breaded, fried 5 5.6

KFC Breast, mild 5 3.9

KFC Thigh 5 2.2

Hardee's Chicken breast, no bread 5 7.5

Hardee's Chicken strips, breaded, fried 5 7.1

Removing bodily storages of arsenic may be accomplished by eating combinations of raw
foods, such as 1/3 cup tomato, 2 tablespoons no-salt-added raw cheese and 57 leaves of
cilantro, or 23 ounces raw coconut cream, 1/2 tablespoon unsalted raw butter, 1
tablespoon raw cream (dairy cream) and 1/2 - 3/4 cup of organically-grown dark berries
(such as blackberries, blue berries and boysenberries.

Simply choosing a poultry that is not fed arsenic does not resolve every toxin-issue
regarding poultry. See Soy Toxicity In Poultry Meat And Eggs.

Note: To view the complete collection of Primal Diet Newsletters, choose the trial
subscription here: https://www.wewant2live.com/members/

Caraway Cottage Cheese
4 Servings

1 quart raw milk
3 ounces raw cream
1 1/2 tablespoons caraway seeds

Pour milk into a wide-mouthed quart jar, add caraway seeds
and let stand in a dark high cupboard until the liquid completely
separates from the solids (2-4 days). Pour into a cheese-making
cloth-pouch, or make a pouch from gauze-cloth or several layers
of cheesecloth. Hang and let strain until milk solids are firm but
not too dry. (Use the whey to pickle, or in place of raw vinegar
to prepare sauces and spices, or mix whey with 5 parts water and
feed to indoor or outdoor plants.)

Put firm cheese in bowl and gently stir in 3 ounces raw cream.

Sour Cottage Cheese
4 Servings

1 quart raw milk
3 ounces raw cream

Pour milk into a wide-mouthed quart jar and let stand in a dark
high cupboard until the liquid completely separates from the
solids (2-4 days). Pour into a cheese-making cloth-pouch, or
make a pouch from gauze-cloth or several layers of cheesecloth.

Hang and let strain until milk solids are firm but not too dry.
(Use the whey to pickle, or in place of raw vinegar to prepare
sauces and spices, or mix whey with 5 parts water and feed to
indoor or outdoor plants.)

Put firm cheese in bowl and gently stir in 3 ounces raw cream.

Sweet Cottage Cheese
4 Servings

1 quart raw milk
3 ounces raw cream

Pour milk into a wide-mouthed quart jar and let stand in
refrigeration until cream separates to the top. Skim the cream off
of milk, place cream in an 8-ounces jar, cap and place cream in
refrigerator. Let milk stand in quart jar in a dark high cupboard
until the liquid completely separates from the solids (2-4 days).

Pour into cheese-making cloth pouch, or make pouch from
gauze-cloth or several layers of cheesecloth. Hang and let strain
until milk solids are firm but not dry. (Use the whey to pickle, or
in place of raw vinegar to prepare sauces and spices, or mix

whey with 5 parts water and feed to indoor or outdoor plants.)

Put firm cheese in bowl and stir in separated cream and an
additional 3 ounces raw cream. TRFLWD

Spiced Cheesy Paste
4 Servings

1 cup SOUR COTTAGE CHEESE
2 ounces SPICE PASTE

Mash and stir together until thoroughly mixed. Will keep in
refrigeration for 2 weeks.

Creamy Cheese Pepper Sauce
1 Serving

2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese
2 tablespoons raw cream
1/2 medium tomato
1 teaspoon MUSTARD
1/3 jalapeno

1/4 hot red pepper
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh bay leaves, (optional)

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Place all ingredients in an 8-
ounces jar and blenderize for 5-10 seconds.

Egg/Cheese Basil Sauce
1 Serving

2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter, or raw cream, or raw milk
1 egg

4 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw Monterey cheese
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves
1 diced tomato
1 teaspoon PICKLED PEPPERS (PIMENTOS), (optional)

Blenderize egg, 1 tablespoon basil and cheese together in an 8-
ounces jar on medium speed until smooth.

Slice beef thinly lengthwise, and slice again to make small
rectangles. Place meat and diced tomato in a decorative pattern
on plate. Pour sauce over meat. Sprinkle with pimentos and
remaining chopped basil.

Mornay Sauce
1 Serving

2 ounces BECHAMEL SAUCE
1 tablespoon raw cream
1 raw egg
2 pinches ground white pepper
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Blenderize egg, cream, and pepper together in a 4-ounces jar on
low speed for 10 seconds. Add Béchamel Sauce and cheese, and
stir/marbleize. Spoon over slivered raw meat.

- - - - - - -

Mushroom Cream Cheese Sauce
1 Serving

1 large mushroom
2 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
1 raw egg

Chop mushroom and set aside. Cut cheese into small chunks.
Blenderize all ingredients, except half of the chopped
mushroom, together in a 4-ounces jar on low speed for 10
seconds. Stir in remaining chopped mushroom.

Sour Cream Quick
1 Serving

4 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons grated no-salt-added cheese

Blenderize cream and cheese together in a 4-ounces jar on low
speed until thick and firm (10-15 seconds).

- - - - - - -

Thousand Island Meat-Dressing, Two
4 Servings

2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1 1/2 teaspoons unheated honey
3/4 cup cherry tomatoes
1 teaspoon vinegar
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 - inch cube of no-salt-added raw Monterey cheese
1 teaspoon fresh red onion, (optional)
1 slice fresh garlic, (optional)

Cut cheese into thin slices. Blenderize all ingredients together in
a 12-ounces jar on high speed for 10-15 seconds. This dressing
will keep in refrigeration for several weeks in closed jar.

Tomato Cream Cheese Sauce
1 Serving

2 tablespoons raw cream
1/2 diced tomato
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1 - inch cube of no-salt-added raw cheese
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Blenderize all ingredients,
except grated cheese, together in a 4-ounces jar on low speed for
10 seconds. Pour over meat and top with sprinkled grated cheese.

- - - - - - - -

Tomato Sauce
1 Serving

1/2 tomato
4 tablespoons raw unsalted butter, (or stone-pressed olive
oil)
1/2 - inch cube of no-salt-added raw cheese
1 slice fresh garlic

1/2 to 1 tablespoon chopped fresh red onion
Favorite fresh herbs to your taste , (optional)

All ingredients should be room temperature. If a thicker sauce is
desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato. Over a bowl, gently
squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds. Drink tomato juice
when thirsty. Warm butter in an 8-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of warm water
until butter melts. Add rest of ingredients to jar and blenderize
on medium speed for 10 seconds.

Carpaccio (pronounced carpachio)
1 Serving

5 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh bay leaves
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 slice minced or crushed fresh garlic, (optional)
1 teaspoon chopped fresh red onion, (optional)
5 to 8 ounces meat (beef, lamb, fowl, seafood)
1 mushroom

Vigorously stir olive oil, bay, basil, onion and garlic together for
1 minute.

Slice meat into thin luncheon meat-sized slices in food processor
with slicing plate. In a covered bowl at room-temperature,
marinate meat slices in sauce for 1 to 3 hours.

Spread meat and sauce on plate and sprinkle with cheese and top
with parsley.

Lamb Shanks
1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces lamb shanks
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 teaspoon bone marrow
3 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 to 2 tablespoons grated raw unsalted Monterey cheese
1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil, (optional)
1 teaspoon chopped fresh bay leaves, (optional)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 spear asparagus
1 teaspoon chopped red onions, (optional)
1 slice minced fresh garlic, (optional)

Scoop marrow from shank bone. Warm butter, oil, basil and/or
bay leaves and garlic together in a 4-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly hot
water for 5 minutes. When butter has melted, blenderize
ingredients for 5 seconds at medium speed.

Slice lamb into strips. Dice asparagus. In a covered bowl at room
temperature, marinate lamb strips and asparagus in sauce for 1- 3
hours. Spread marinated ingredients on plate and top with
cheese, onion and parsley.

Meat au Gratin
1 Serving

4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter, (may substitute stone-
pressed olive oil)
1 slice fresh garlic
1/4 red bell pepper
1 1/2 - inch cube no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
5 to 8 ounces raw meat (beef, lamb, fowl, seafood)

Grate a portion of room-temperature cheese and set aside. Slice
remaining cheese thinly. Warm cheese slices, garlic and room-
temperature butter in a 4-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly hot water for 5

minutes. When butter is completely melted, blenderize
ingredients until smooth.

Cut 1/8 bell pepper into circular slices. Chop remaining 1/8 bell
pepper. Slice meat thinly lengthwise. Arrange meat on plate in
overlapping circular pattern. Pour sauce over meat. Cover with
slices of bell pepper like spokes of a wheel. Sprinkle grated
cheese on top. Finish by sprinkling with chopped bell pepper.

Cheesy Chicken
1 Serving
5 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 - inch cube sliced no-salt-added raw cheese
1/4 to 1 fresh hot pepper
1 teaspoon fresh red onion, (optional)

Blenderize all ingredients, except chicken, together in a 4-
ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Slice chicken into
narrow strips, baste and marinate for 20-60 minutes.

ALTERNATIVE: Instead of blenderizing onion, dice and gently
stir into sauce before basting and marinating chicken.

Macaroni & Cheese-Tasting Chicken
1 Serving

6 ounces chopped or ground raw chicken
3 tablespoons SOUR CREAM
1 egg
1 red hot pepper

3 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Blenderize egg, pepper, cheese and sour cream together in an 8-
ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Fold sauce into
chicken.

ALTERNATIVE: On a plate, form chicken into a plateau,
indent and fill with sauce. TRFLWD

Hot Buttered Salmon
1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw salmon
3 tablespoons lemon or lime juice
1/8 to 1/2 hot pepper
3 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Warm lemon and lime juices, hot pepper and soft butter together
in a 4-ounces jar, capped with blender washer/blades/base,
immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for 5 minutes.
Blenderize on medium speed for 10 seconds. Pour mixture over
salmon and top with grated cheese. TRFLWD

- - - - - - - - - - - -

Oyster Sauce & Pasta
1 Serving

1 serving PASTA SUBSTITUTE
3 oysters
2 mushrooms
2 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1 1/2 - inch cube raw unsalted Monterey or Muenster cheese
1 slice red or white onion
2 tablespoons fresh sweet red pepper, (optional)

Make PASTA SUBSTITUTE (see recipe). Blenderize 1 1/2
oysters, 1 mushroom, butter, 1/2 of the cheese, 1/2 of the onion
and 1/2 of the red pepper together in an 4-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Dice remaining oysters, mushrooms and
onion. Fold diced ingredients together with sauce and pour over
PASTA. Grate remaining cheese. Top dish with grated cheese.

ALTERNATIVE: Follow recipe above but do not blenderize
onion in sauce. Chop onion and fold into sauce. TRFLWD

Oysters Over Cheese
1 Serving 5
fresh oysters
2 mushrooms
5 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
6 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese
1 teaspoon chopped red onions
1 to 2 circular slice(s) fresh sweet red peppers, (optional)

Blenderize 1 1/2 oysters and butter in a 4-ounces jar on high
speed for 10 seconds.

In a food processor, chop with pulse-action the sweet pepper,
mushrooms and remaining oysters. In a serving bowl, fold all
ingredients, except cheese, together.

Sprinkle a bed of cheese evenly over plate. Spoon
oyster/pepper/mushroom mixture evenly over cheese. Top with
oyster/butter sauce. TRFLWD

Reminiscent of Mexican Chips
1 Serving

3 tablespoons soft unsalted raw butter
1/4 to 1/2 fresh hot pepper
1/4 tomato
2 tablespoons grated Monterey Jack cheese
1 slice fresh garlic, (optional)
1 tablespoon red onions, (optional)
1 serving PASTA SUBSTITUTE

Blenderize butter, tomato, hot pepper, garlic and/or onion
together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds.
Add cheese and blenderize on medium speed for 15-20 seconds,
until smooth and warm to the touch. Pour over Pasta Substitute
and eat before it gets soggy. Eat with a serving of meat. TRFLWD

Cheesecake
10 Servings

3/4 pound no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
1 pound unsalted raw butter
1 cup raw walnut halves
3 tablespoons unheated honey
1 drop organic vanilla extract

TOPPING, (optional)
1 1/3 cups raw cream
1 tablespoon unheated honey
Let cheese and butter stand at room temperature to warm for 4
hours before making cheesecake.

Slice cheese into 1/8-inch slices. Into each of two 16-ounces
jars, warm half of the cheese, half of the butter and 1 tablespoon
honey immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water while making the
Crust.

Crust: In a food processor (not blender), place nuts, two
tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon honey. Blend ingredients
until they become a large ball.

Butter bottom and sides of an 8- or 9 - inch pie plate. Evenly
spread nut mixture and press on to bottom of pie plate. Chill in
freezer while making Filling.

Filling: When butter is nearly liquid, blenderize both jars of
butter/cheese/honey mixture on high speed for 60-90 seconds
until ingredients are smooth, not grainy. Do not let it get too hot
while blending. Pour both jars of Filling into chilled piecrust and
refrigerate for several hours. (If making a Topping, place back in
freezer while making Topping.)

ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 1: Blenderize 5 ounces cream and
1 teaspoon honey in an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is
fluffy and stiff. Repeat with remaining 5 ounces cream and 2

teaspoons honey in another 8-ounces jar. Remove pie from
freezer and top with whipped cream. Let stand in refrigeration
for 8 hours. The flavors blend better when it stands for 20 hours.

ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 2: Choose fruit with low carbohydrate,

such as cherries, berries and/or unripe fruit.
Remove seeds or stones. Chop fruit, if necessary, and blenderize
1 cup fruit and 1 tablespoon honey in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Spread over chilled cheesecake.

ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 3: Remove stones from 4 dates.
Chop dates. Blenderize chopped dates and 1 cup fruit(s) in a 12-
ounces jar on high speed for 15 seconds. Spread over chilled
cheesecake.

Cheesecake, Miniature
2 Servings

3 ounces no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
3 1/2 ounces unsalted raw butter
2 ounces raw walnut halves
2 teaspoons unheated honey
1 drop organic vanilla extract

TOPPING, if desired
3 ounces raw cream
1 teaspoon unheated honey

Let cheese and butter stand at room temperature to warm for 4
hours before making cheesecake.

Slice cheese into 1/8-inch slices. Warm cheese, butter and 1
teaspoon honey in an 8-ounces jar, capped and immersed in a
bowl of mildly hot water while making the Crust.

Crust: Blenderize nuts, 1 teaspoon butter and 1 teaspoon honey
together in a 4-ounces jar on high speed using pulse-action for 5
seconds.

Butter bottom and sides of 4-inch glass or ceramic pie-dish.
Evenly spread nut mixture and press on to bottom of pie plate.
Chill in freezer while making Filling.

Filling: Blenderize butter/cheese/honey mixture on high speed
for 30-40 seconds until ingredients are smooth, not grainy; do
not let it get too hot while blending. Pour into chilled piecrust
and place in refrigerator for several hours. (If making a Topping,
place back in freezer while making Topping.)

ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 1: Blenderize 3 ounces cream and
1 teaspoon honey in an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is fluffy and stiff. Remove
pie from freezer and top with whipped cream. Let stand in refrigeration for 8 hours.
The flavors blend better when it stands for 20 hours.

ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 2: Choose fruit with low carbohydrate, such as cherries,

berries and/or unripe fruit.
Remove seeds or stones. Chop fruit, if necessary, and blenderize
3 ounces fruit and honey in a 4-ounces jar on medium speed for 5 seconds. Spread

over chilled cheesecake.

ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 3: Remove stones from 1 date.
Chop date. Blenderize chopped date and 3 ounces fruit(s) in a 4-ounces jar on high

speed for 10-15 seconds. Spread over chilled cheesecake.

The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Pain Formula
3 to 4 level tablespoons refrigerated fresh soft bee pollen
1 to 2 ounces no-salt-added raw cheese
1 MOISTURIZING/LUBRICATION FORMULA DRINK

1 to 2 raw eggs
2 to 4 ounces unsalted raw butter or coconut cream
1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 to 2 teaspoons unheated honey
All ingredients should be room temperature. Warm all ingredients

in an 8- or 12-ounces jar, capped with the blender washer/
blades/base, immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for 5
minutes. Blenderize on medium speed for 10 seconds. It is most
effective when consumed with, or shortly after, a meat meal.]

Add pollen to the Moisturizing/Lubrication Formula above prior to blenderizing, and then
blenderize. Eat cheese as you drink the formula. Usually, this formula reduces pain 80-
100% within 10 minutes to several hours. It is 5-10% less effective if the cheese
is not eaten. The Recipe for Living Without Disease

Sport Formula

The most recent Aajonus' Sport Formula (not Sport Drink) is next. Other earlier and more
specialized versions for specific people are below.

Sport Formula, May 2012

3 cups of at least 2 of the following foods:
cucumber
tomato
watermelon
raw milk and/or fresh raw liquid whey.

Cucumber, watermelon and tomato are to be pureed not juiced, the whey is liquid
byproduct of making cheese, milk is whole raw milk. You may have any combination of
those to equal 3 cups.
Remainder of the ingredients are:
1 T. raw apple cider vinegar
2 T. lime juice
2 tsp.lemon juice
2 T. coconut cream
2 T. dairy cream
2 - 3 eggs
1 - 2 T. Unheated honey (optional).

That makes about 1 quart when all ingredients are blended together. Sip throughout day
for hydration.

(Ref: pg 202 & 253 We Want to Live) Aajonus has tailored it for specific individuals. See
page 253 of We Want To Live: the Primal Diet.

Here are five versions with the date at which it was given in the question and answer part
of a Primal Diet potluck party.

SPORT Formula March 18, 2012

3 cups of any combination of cucumber, tomatoes, water melon
3 T coconut cream
3 T dairy cream
2 T lime juice
1 T lemon juice
1 T ACV
2 - 3 T honey
4 eggs

Makes 1 quart; if not quite a quart, you may add a little water to make it 1 quart.

SPORT DRINK (10 July 2011)

1 cup whey
1 cup watermelon puree
1 cup tomato puree
OR cucumber and watermelon puree instead of tomato and watermelon OR tomato and
cucumber – these 3 are interchangeable: cucumber, tomato and watermelon. OR all
three can be combined too.
2 tablespoons lemon juice
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 tablespoon raw apple cider vinegar
1 – 2 tablespoons honey
1 – 2 tablespoons coconut cream
1 – 2 tablespoons dairy cream (if intense athlete, 2 – 4 tablespoons cream)
½ cup sparkling mineral water

Blend it altogether and you sip on that. It makes about a quart and lasts for 5 hours of
sports. Water will slow you down because

SPORT DRINK (9 Jan 2011)

My athletes drink
1 cup tomato puree
1 cup cucumber puree

1 cup whey
1 tablespoon raw apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 – 2 ½ tablespoons honey
2 tablespoons dairy cream
usually 2 – 3 eggs

Blend that together and sip on that. It makes a quart. My athletes go through a quart in 5
hours and they don’t get weak or tired.

SPORT DRINK (22 Feb 09)

2 cups cucumber puree (some of my tennis players use 3 cups)
1 cup tomato puree
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 – 4 tablespoons honey
2 – 4 tablespoons coconut cream
2 – 4 tablespoons dairy cream
2 ½ oz sparkling mineral water

Blend that all together.

Those who are actually performing, doing like 5 hours of sports in a tournament, I have
them put an egg in every cup of that: whip an egg into it and sip that. But they add the
egg into that right before they drink it.

SPORT FORUMULA (14 Dec 2008)

In We Want to Live I had the Hydration Formula. When you’re doing a heavy sport you’re
perspiring a lot and you need a lot more cucumber than tomato. So I have altered that
recipe to have

2 – 2 ½ cups cucumber puree
1 cup tomato puree
1 tablespoon vinegar
1 tablespoon lemon juice
2 – 4 tablespoons coconut cream
2 – 4 tablespoons dairy cream
about 2 ½ - 4 oz. sparkling mineral water

You could use whey instead of the water in the sport drink: 2 ½ to 4 oz. of whey instead
of water.

Whey can be added to the Sport Formula instead of vinegar or along with the vinegar.

Blend that all together and you sip it throughout the day.
it leaches nutrients out of the body.

SPORT FORMULA (24 Aug 2008)

If you’re doing sports you want nutrients.

1 - 1 ½ cups tomato puree – leave skins on
1 ½ - 2 cups cucumber puree – peel the cucumber
3 – 4 tablespoons coconut cream
3 – 4 tablespoons dairy cream 1
tablespoon raw apple cider vinegar (2 tablespoons maximum if you’re an athlete;
1 tablespoon maximum, if not; if sedentary worker, maybe ½ tablespoon)
1 tablespoon lemon juice
3 – 4 tablespoons honey (some athletes have problems with that much honey, so you can
cut it down to just 2 tablespoons)
1 cup water - If you’re doing a high sport you add a cup of water because you will
need a little bit of water in there. 1
egg - If you’re a sports person you put an egg in it. If you’re not a sports person you
don’t have to put an egg in it.

Blend it all together.

That’ll take you through 5 hours of hard activity.

I have tennis players that are playing 5 hours on that one quart of fluid and their
competitors are drinking a whole gallon of water in that 5 hours.