The word adjuvant was adopted to spin the concept of toxins in vaccines into an acceptable package that seems harmless, even helpful. However, ALL adjuvants in vaccines are harmful, many extremely harmful, including liquid nano-mercury, nano-aluminum, formaldehyde, ether, detergents, squalene and up to 58 other toxic ingredients, usually unidentified on labels and packages. Each is harmful by its nature.

Mercury is consider the most toxic neurological contaminant on Earth. Who in their rational minds is going to allow themselves and their children to be injected with the Earth's known most toxic neurological poison?

Vaccines dumb-down brain and nervous systems, cause deformities of any body part or system, from knock knees to crooked teeth to visual disturbances (eyesight problems), and severe anomalies such as Down's syndrome and autism. Additionally, vaccines cause numerous other diseases such as hepatitis, yellow fever, malaria, seizures, insomnia, anxiety, depression, skin disorders including extreme acne-scarring, and about 2,000 other health issues as well as death.

How can anyone who declares that those soups of toxins are beneficial be rational and logical? Is s/he in denial, or a scoundrel for profit and/or power? Probably the answer to the follow question will answer those questions: Why would anyone declare those poisonous soups to be health-giving?

Any healthy society is of no value to the medical and pharmaceutical industries. An unhealthy society is profitable to those industries. Additionally, any healthy society is a threat to a corrupt governmental corporations. All three of those corporations promote vaccines to insure disease, profit and dominance.

While I was promoting raw milk in 1986, the FDA was using the organization Public Citizen founded by Ralph Nader and FDA's mother agency Human Health Services (HHS) in Washington D.C. to implement their 1974 rule banning interstate transportation of raw milk through a court action entitled Pubic Citizen, et al v. Heckler, 653f. Supp. 1229(D.D.C. 1986). There was a somewhat passionate conversation between two men from behind a closed door at HHS. It was a non-labeled door near Vice Admiral Koop's office who was Surgeon General at the time and head of HHS. Efforts to see Dr. Koop for several days failed; that is, permission was not granted to me.

My frustration forced the decision to simply barge in on him, right past his secretary. However, on my way to barge-in, the argument that muddled through the wall into the hall ended that decision and I did not barge into Dr. Koop's office. The conversation coming through the wall was about vaccines being mandated for National Security.

"Think about how long and much we'd pay if they weren't vaccinated. Would you rather have more money for research and weapons-development or pay useless ex-military grunts life-long benefits? Do you know how much we pay them in benefits each year? Who are we going to get to kill when innocent women, men and children must be a part of collateral damage? We must damage the integrity of logic and conscience of every soldier," the male voice came through the wall barely audible.

It took me several months to analyze those rhetorical questions and statement. Am I correct in my analysis that the long-term purpose of mass multiple vaccination of military personnel is to cull the unhealthiest to make a fighting army, reduce conscience in soldiers, and reduce government- benefits by shortening soldiers' lifespans?

We must consider that the toxins in vaccines dumb-down rational thinking, often making individuals simple-minded for years, decades or even life. The military objective of vaccines would make sense, that is, it would more easily make most soldiers into obeying-robots of murder such as in the Vietnam war where millions of farmers and families where murdered in the name of freedom.

Who in their right minds would go to a country that has not invaded our ground and murder farming families, including infants and children? Additionally, vaccine-toxins not only damage nerves and neurons they irritate the nervous system resulting in greater impatience and intolerance. They heighten all types of emotions that drive irrational superiority, self- and ideological righteousness. Vaccines, then, are part of the Military Industrial Complex.

As President Eisenhower stated in his farewell address, our greatest enemy to peace is the industrial military complex. It profits most during wars. That is why the U.S. Government is always engaged in some type of war.

If all of that is true, what are government heads willing do to the public with mandatory vaccines? Would the purpose be to dumb-down, numb and cripple its citizens just enough to keep them all from being brilliant, wise and less controllable? Would one of the ploys be to reduce social security payments to citizens by shortening their lives and use the funds for other governmental expenses, ultimately for greed of wealth and power?

Rationale and non-junk science proves vaccines cannot be proved safe or effective. They have been and can be proved dangerous and harmful. There has been no proper long-term testing of any vaccine. We have volumes of evidence that mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde, ether, detergent and Squalene are extremely harmful to humans. Mandatory vaccinations are both immoral and ethically illegal.

Why did George Bush, Jr., the House and Senate give pharmaceutical companies waivers for the side effects, including disease, paralysis and death caused by their very profitable but useless-for-prevention vaccines if not to undermine the health of people? Why would our so-called protectors of the people deprive all citizens of their innate right to compensation from government-forced/mandated vaccines?

On another note but for the same rationale, why did Obama, the House and Senate just give agricultural companies like Monsanto waivers on the disasters, including public illnesses, destroyed farms and health-harmed workers caused by genetically modified crops and organisms? Why are Obama and the Congress stating that GMO foods are safe when ALL legitimate scientific inquiries have stated the opposite?

Vaccines and other industrial toxins are used in
infinite conspiracies to undermine citizens for greed of wealth and power. How do we counter such well- funded and perverse powers? Education with logical and rational sensibility.

We probably should avoid addressing the basic issues that I divulged above because no one wants to believe their governmental leaders are so corrupt and harmful to it citizens. It would be best to educate those who are questioning and those who will listen that vaccines are a soup of disease-causing toxins, including non-nano and nano:

I suggest that you print and distribute my Vaccine Responsibility Acceptance (VRA) form to everyone you know to get them thinking rationally and logically about any vaccine. My VRA form can be found at this link: http://www.wewant2live.com/2011/07/14/vaccination-acceptance-responsibility-form/