(1) 4 Cups Vege Juice For Alkaline Blood
[2005],[Aajonus]

No only the blood has to be alkaline that's why you have 4 cups of vegetable juice a day that takes care of it, and I explain that in the recipe book

.

(2) Aajonus Detox
[2003],[Aajonus]

The day that I left for Nevada city, California

I started getting a detox in this bursa, and I had bursitis as you know, it was mainly in the feet and legs, sometimes in the elbows and wrist.

It was the first time I got it here and it was so painful that by the time I drove all the way up to Sacramento.

That night I had to put the arm in the sling, it was so painful.

So, after a few days of this, I would have to sleep in the bathtub.

It was so painful because I couldn't lie.

It could be in any position.

The only place it was comfortable was in a sling like this.

If I lie down, the pain was excruciating, no matter which way.

So, I had to sleep in the bathtub at night.

So, I slept six to eight hours a night in the bathtub, and there it was okay.

For the rest of the day, I'm still in severe pain, but I went ahead with my eight hours of workshops and my 10 hours a day of seeing patients through that whole thing.

But on the third day, all of a sudden, I smelled with this penicillin coming out of my armpit and then the mercury coming out of my hand.

All of a sudden, my hand one morning turned black and gray from here down and it smelled just like mercury.

So, I knew right away what it was.

When I was 12 years old and had the peritonitis that they misdiagnose as appendicitis.

They injected me in this arm, this arm, and these two hips.

Now I've gone through the detox on these two hips in this arm, but never this arm.

I had 11 shots in this arm in three days.

They were injecting me with penicillin and other antibiotics and tetanus.

They always give you tetanus if you have appendicitis.

They knew I didn't have appendicitis, but they gave me tetanus anyway and repeated tetanus.

You're only supposed to get one, every six months max.

So, they shot me up with all this mercury liquid mercury, thimerosal from these injections.

So, then I realized what it was.

That the antibiotics that they injected in me at 12 years old was finally discharging and it buried himself in the bursa.

So, my hand was black and my arm smelled like penicillin and other molds.

I couldn't lift my arm this high for about three weeks, and then I went down to Costa Rica, and it was finally better because humidity is better for that kind of thing.

Get moisture in your body.

Can utilize the nutrients better than building all the mucus just for the dryness.

So, all of a sudden, two days ago, where I was injected all those times.

There it is.

All of a sudden popped up two days ago and you can see that five of the holes, six of the holes where they stabbed me and scabs.

Yeah, after so many years.

Like I said, it takes 40 years to get health optimal.

You smell mercury.

Did you ever play with mercury.

It a heavy metal that almost makes your mouth turn alimony?

Have you ever had an unripe banana.

That's an alimony taste?

.

(3) Aajonus Letting His Teeth Rot
[2003],[Aajonus]

I wanted to see what would happen on this diet if you just let the teeth go

I'm still doing it.

Like, I have a tooth here, which is almost completely rotten down and the nerves right there.

I mean, I can poke it and it'll bleed, but I have no pain and I used to have severe pain.

I mean, pain so bad.

Like it would last 30, 60 days and I'd have to magic mushrooms and a marijuana mixture as my painkiller to get rid of it and then do nothing but eat, sleep all day.

That's all I could do cause the pain was so excruciating, and that's when I began eating that was shortly after the poison mushroom and I destroyed my body so much and it was in December of 1982 when I had that severe toothache that I began eating meat every day and that made a big shift in my pain level.

All of a sudden when I started doing that within 30, 40 days, I barely experienced any tooth pain anymore, and now I experience none.

The nerves are right there.

I can puncture them and they'll bleed, but yet I'm eating and I get no pain food going down there and hitting it all the time.

Maybe once in a while if I make a nut formula and a little chunk is there and it gets back there, but it isn't severe, and the pain doesn't last more than a second, two seconds.

.

(4) Algae Blue Green
[2003],[Aajonus]

Well, first of all

Algae is only edible digestible as long as it's still in the water and acted in the water.

Once it's dried, you will absorb less than probably 20% of it and not well.

Cause again, it's a vegetable that's dehydrated.

If you take the algae, filter it and then drink it right out of the water, it'll be active and good for you.

Still, you're not going to digest a lot of it because you're not a fish.

Takes a fish system to break down that particular type of cellulose.

[Attendee]

There's no cellulose in blue green algae.

[Aajonus]

Oh yes there is.

If you do an experiment.

Take your spirulina.

Measure, how much you take and then check your feces for 48 hours and measure how much passes through you without digestion.

When I did it, 98% passed through.

The best for one particular animal was 20% absorption, and that's all.

So again, to me, it's another hype food thing.

.

(5) Bee Pollen & Pain Formula
[2003],[Aajonus]

Bee pollen is a nut, it's a seed

It even has a shell on it.

Once that shell is dried, a human cannot digest it.

Pass through you.

So, anytime you see B pollen that's a hard little pellet.

You may as well throw your money away if you're gonna buy it because it's of no value.

You digest less than 2% of it.

You need fresh, soft, and your digestive juices will actually dissolve the shell away, and it's a very finite protein.

That's why I like to use it in the pain formula because the molecules of fat are so fine and so small that they get into the nerve endings, and once the protein gets there, all the extra swelling can leave That's how the pain formula works.

You've got all the minerals from the cheese that will help draw out the toxic minerals.

Now, remember anytime a mineral is not bioactive like in cheese, what the body's gonna do with those minerals is attach them to other toxic minerals in the blood.

That means that all the bioactive minerals are in your juice, meat, and dairy, other than dried cheese will be utilized to be absorbed into the cells.

So, you don't have to waste those bioactive minerals binding with those toxic minerals that are in the body, use cheese for that.

That's how I came up with the pain formula.

pollen supplies the protein that can be absorbed into the finite capillaries and the nerve endings, so that the fluid can be removed and therefore reducing the pain.

All pain is swelling in the nerves, then the toxic minerals that may be floating will be drawn out with the cheese.

Generally the egg and the butter helps chelate with other toxic substances that were buried in and locked in that particular area where the nerves were suffering or their nerves were experiencing.

So bee pollen is very important for nerves.

It's great for nerves.

If you have it with fruit, it's a waste.

So, the time to have B pollen is always with meat, eggs and butter or in combination with eggs and butter.

[Attendee]

How much do you normally take.

[Aajonus]

Well, I recommended people have the pain formula once a week, regardless, and they work from two to four tablespoons of bee pollen, but you can utilize more if you want?

.

(6) BPA Teeth
[2003],[Aajonus]

Filled with porcelain inlay

Plastic is highly toxic and the gums will recede.

If you put facials or any kind of plastic in the tooth, the gum will rot and recede away from it.

So, then you have an open area for capitation.

If you use an inlay, there isn't that kind of gassing of BBA.

And I understand why now he does that because they just came out with a report two months ago that showed that BPA, bisphenol acid.

It causes 82% of the animals in the laboratory experiments to have developed brain cancer, 82% of them.

So, the FDA is talking about outlawing BPA being used to solidify plastics, but we're already in it.

If you have synthetic rugs, if you have synthetic clothes, it's in all of it.

So, you breathe it.

If you have fibers, lint from your clothes and they're synthetic, you breathe them, that melts in your lungs, cuz your lungs have to dissolve it, and then what happens is you release dioxin, PDA and a number of other toxins.

In the plastic fillings, which are called composites, you have that BPA at a very high amount cause they wanna make those so hard and strong, and what happens is if you have ever had a facial put on, which means the cavity has the gum line on the face of the tooth, your gum will recede from it quickly, and it'll causes recessive gum.

.

(7) Calckum COntent Of Water
[2003],[Aajonus]

Calcium in water will just magnetize toxic calcium out like cheese does

But it'll also take a lot of the things out.

If you're exercising, it's fine.

Like I said, I don't like when people drink water, unless they exercise.

Some people if they've been on the diet a long time, and they're not exercising, they don't need water.

Drink milk eat tomatoes, the more vegetable juice.

But no matter what kind of minerals it's concentrated in, they'll all turn out white once the water's evaporated.

Doesn't matter what kind of minerals it is.

Because it's basically distilled water, and it's very hungry water.

Rain waters is distilled water.

And when that hits the ground, it starts dissolving the earth.

That's how plant eat.

.

(8) Chickens Need Meat & Soy
[2003],[Aajonus]

They give them some supplemental nutrients because the protein, we're trying to get away from that because chickens naturally eat meat

Chickens and ducks eat lots of meat.

That's why they'll eat each other if they don't get enough protein.

So, the industry, the FDA said, okay, we wanna stop you from feeding these animal byproducts, and we want you to only use grains.

Soy bean grows and grows and grows, but chickens cannot eat soybeans without processing, just like humans.

If a chicken eats raw soybeans, it will kill them.

It can kill a human.

So they have to be solvent extracted.

That's like soaking your food and kerosene for 20 minutes and eating it.

So, the soy is highly toxic for chicken and humans.

So now, I've been trying to get people to feed waste, and a fresh raw waste animal products to their chickens, which is natural.

They do it in Pangea and Hawaii.

Let me tell you, they are the most sedentary, nice, friendly ducks I've ever met.

My grandparents had a farm and those ducks attack.

They attack! Mean as a snake.

Well, boy, when they get rotten meat, they will follow you anywhere and just rub up against you.

They love you.

Incredible.

.

(9) Deficiencies On Raw Diet
[2003],[Attendee]

I just started getting white spots on my hands since maybe last month, and I've ready lack of calcium, lack of zinc

What's your understanding of that.

[Aajonus]

Well, don't try to counterbalance like that?

Those signs are just signs that you're detoxifying a concentration of something, and building into the nails, not something you should even worry about, unless it's painful.

[Attendee]

So, you feel it's actually detoxing rather than.

.

.

[Aajonus]

Anytime you're detoxing, you're going to have certain kinds of deficiencies.

As long as you're constantly eating the balanced diet, you're always gonna supply the right balance.

[Attendee]

So, why is there deficiencies.

[Aajonus]

Let's say you're detoxing mercury?

There's a certain balance of minerals that will attach to a mercury molecule to harness it, prevent it from doing damage in your system.

That can cause a potassium, magnesium, zinc, and one other mineral that are very concentrated, be utilized to do that.

Just to control it, to magnetize to it.

So, you start having a deficiency periodically, if you don't keep up your eating.

If you're eating the primal diet balanced diet on a daily basis.

.

(10) Diabetes & Honey
[2003],[Aajonus]

Anybody want an ice cream

Laughs Well, it has to be unheated honey that hasn't been heated over 93°?

Once it hits 93°, it destroys the insulin like substance that the bee has produced in its stomach when it swallows nectar.

Honey, is bee vomit, exactly what it is.

He swallows it, takes it back to the hive.

After it's produced the insulin like substance, which converts 90% of the carbohydrate into enzymes for digestion and utilizing protein, gets back to the hive and vomits.

93°, that is destroyed.

That's why the bees will fan the hive to keep it down to 92.

8 degrees.

Once the upper layer turns over that for more than about 40 minutes, they leave it and then goes to the next layer and makes sure that it doesn't get beyond that.

They will only eat those upper layers.

They will never feed it to the drones or to the queen.

But the worker bees will only eat that if they're starving.

[Attendee]

Does sugar feed tumors.

[Aajonus]

Honey does not do that if it is completely unheated?

.

(11) Diarrhea & Vomit For Normal People Vs On Diet
[2003],[Aajonus]

All of a sudden that's going to make the difference between life and death

It's absurd.

It's insane, and the people who are not on this diet, the average people out there are having 18% to 20% diarrhea or vomit every day.

On this diet the rate is only 12%, figure that one out.

We have a lot more bacteria on this diet.

So, it isn't the bacteria that's causing the problem.

It's the poisons.

How many people have seen somebody eat something poisonous ended up a diarrhea and vomit.

MSG in your food, pesticides, herbicides in your food.

That's what's causing the problem.

Poisons, pollution, chemicals.

The medical profession and the food industry are in love together, and they produce this bacteria fear.

[Attendee]

Is it advisable to eat shit if you don't have like a serious illness or cancer.

[Aajonus]

Sure?

If you've not been raw fooder all of your life, your likelihood of collecting a lot of cells in your body and not reproducing them.

The greatest authority on cancer and at a conference in 2000, he said, "Everybody stand up, men.

I want you to look at the man next to you.

One of the two of you will have cancer in your lifetime.

And the women, three of you look at each other.

One of three of you women will have cancer in your lifetime".

That's how bad it is.

So, eat shit and live.

I really did think of writing a comedy routine and calling it, "Eat Shit and Live" because that's the only way you're gonna open minds to that concept before they come in the room.

I thought about doing it with my next book on detoxification, but my publisher won't do it.

I mean, it would be a catchy thing, who would buy that.

Eat Shit and Live.

[Attendee]

Did you say something anything about brain cells, brain tumors also have bacteria too.

[Aajonus]

That was the test they're doing at the University of Toronto for 29 years now?

Two to seven days, including vessels going to tumor.

[person] ate a lot of high meat and it didn't move those tumors.

The breast tumor it did, but the kidney, the adrenal, and the hip bone; it didn't move it.

The fecal matter did it quickly.

High meat is in the recipe book.

High meat means you just let meat oxidize til it gets full of bacteria in it and it stinks.

[Too hard to understand past this point]

.

(12) Does Lymph Dump Toxins & Skin
[2003],[Aajonus]

Well, the lymph system doesn't dump a lot into the blood, but you're eating

You're not fasting.

You're eating enough to deal with those toxins that get into the blood.

Most of it will go through the skin.

So, you get into a hot bath and perspire a little bit more or a sauna for a few minutes, don't cook yourself in the sauna.

You actually cook the vitamin D and vitamin a in your skin.

Let's say nine minutes.

If you're at a level of about 130°, if you're up on top 160°, you can count on getting rid of a lot of nerves with the cells as well if you're up there cooking.

So, stay in the lower room if you're in there.

No more than you 8, 9 minutes if you're at a level where it's 130 degrees.

If you're in a hot bath, that's 105°, 106°, you can be in there an hour, two hours.

When I'm in pain, like when I had my spien cauterized and I was in constant pain and I had to crawl on the floor, I lived in the bathtub.

16, 18 hours a day.

I rewarmed the water every hour and half, two hours, and I lived in the bathtub.

I was painless in the bathtub, relatively painless in the bathtub.

I was able to discreet lot of poison.

But some of that fat is bound to the poison.

Body tries to resolve it and push most of it out to the skin.

The best thing you can do is take hot baths.

.

(13) Eggs Healing Alone
[2003],[Attendee]

Eggs

Talk about eggs in the detox process.

You talked about the teeth and all that.

Just talk about eggs in that process.

[Aajonus]   In the teeth process.

[Attendee]   Well, just generally detoxing, and what would you recommend?

[Aajonus]   Eggs don't detoxify, unless you eat them with fruit, then you make a solvent of that fat and protein?

Eggs by themselves are always healing, reconstituting.

They do not help you divide cells.

So, they don't help cellular reproduction, but they can take a live cell and reconstitute it with all the nutrients in the egg.

So, it can make a very sick cell very healthy, but it won't help you reproduce cells.

Smoothies make you go through more detoxification, fruit along with the fat in eggs will make you detoxify, makes solvents.

It makes viruses to dissolve toxic compounds in your body.

[Attendee #2]   Not eating eggs alone.

[Aajonus]   No?

That helps constitute and feed your body.

[Attendee #2]   So, how often could you could you do that.

[Aajonus]   Depends how much you want to detox?

I recommend only having fruit once in a day.

If you want to have the smoothie with that.

Other than that, you're taking a risk on coming down with a heavy detoxification.

.

(14) Fat Deficiency Causing Irritability From Sun
[2000],[Attendee]

So, all my life, I been very happy when outside

My moods are very, very good.

In the sun I'm always extremely irritable.

So, I'm wondering if.

.

.

[Aajonus]   That's a severe fat deficiency where you're not able to transform the radiation to vitamin D.

So, what it does is irritate the system instead of aids it.

And it takes a while, I was the same way as a child, I could get into sun.

My hair was toe white when I was born and my skin was so white that if I got in the sun for 10 minutes, I would blister.

And I would get very irritable, nasty.

But you know, now that I've had all this fat for so long, I love the sun.

If I was stuck in the desert I would start dehydrating along with the sun.

I could still feel the heat.

[Attendee]   But you're still advocating sun even though.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Well, like I said you need to get little amounts of it at a time.

It may be a year or two before you're ready to take it.

But do it a little at a time.

2 minutes at a time isn't going to make you crazy.

[Attendee]   It's the thought that makes me crazy.

[Aajonus]   Laughs Then wait.

Wait another 6 months, try it then.

.

(15) Feet Expansion
[2003],[Kathy]

You foot expands

Can it get wider.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, it can?

I've got a triple D here.

[Kathy]

What were you before.

[Aajonus]

I was a C?

When I was a teenager, I was a C.

Now I'm a triple D.

[Kathy]

So.

you're feet on the diet eventually will get wider.

[Aajonus]

Well, it depends?

I don't wear a lot of shoes.

So, my foot is naturally allowed to spread and expand.

If I kept them in shoes like most people do that would prevent the expansion.

.

(16) Fermented & Moldy Food BActeria Protects & Helps
[2003],[Aajonus]

Remember when your body makes a solvent to dissolve compounds, you've got a lot of excess waste

I prefer people eating moldy foods and, high meats and stuff like that, so the bacteria reduce those compounds with smaller substance.

That's a much better way to do it.

It isn't as enjoyable.

Less detoxification and less painful.

Almost nonexistent as far as inconvenience in the body, unless it causes a bacterial meningitis, then you're in for a detoxification, but that takes at least eight ounces of high fish.

Once you've had it several times, all of a sudden, your body starts liking it.

Like in the Eskimos, they smell that.

They just start getting excited, turn red, like really on, and they jump up their have a great time.

They love that.

They know how it's gonna make them high and happy right away, t gets them through the winter, have all that bacteria.

[Attendee]   They're high.

[Aajonus]   Yes, they are?

It's their narcotic Laughs.

.

(17) Fillings
[2003],[Aajonus]

Composites are not a good thing

Porcelain, so called enamel fillings are the best thing.

It's much more expensive.

So, if you have the time and you can do it, you can go down to Mexico and have it done for a third the price.

[Attendee]   What about gold.

Some people recommend gold, but then there's a tendency that it helps conduct radio frequencies?

So, there are some people who will have radio signals in their sleep and hear them and disturb their sleep.

Some people, it just does it on a normal basis, it depends on how perceptive their ears are.

So, there's also a, a doctor who calculated the amount of radiation that it attracts.

Even gold.

So, metals attract radiation and radio wave.

Radio waves are radiation just below light level radiation.

So, he doesn't recommend, and most people don't recommend metal for that reason.

So, your porcelain is most like the tooth and it will cause less toxicity.

You're always gonna have some toxicity because they have to have a epoxy to gear it to the tooth.

If you have an inlay, they make it a little bit fatter than the tooth, so it snaps in.

So, you have a very minor amount of epoxy.

Now I met with this one dentist who is very naturally oriented.

He believes that people should just leave their cavitations open like I do, but he hasn't seen what I've seen.

He thinks just adding mineral supplements and a good diet will reverse all conditions and it's theoretical and I've seen that it isn't true.

It doesn't happen that way.

Leaving the tooth available to the oxygen.

The oxygen itself is going to oxidize the tubules.

Tubules are like veins that come through the skin in the tooth and they feed like the lymph all the calcium and the nutrients out to the dentine, and keep the dentine layer safe.

When you have a cavitation and that oxygen is getting in there.

It's like soft bone marrow and it will decay, not decay, will oxidize.

I've been back to dentist for the last 15 years, several times.

I have absolutely no decay in my mouth, but I have all these rotten looking teeth, but that's oxidization so I'm not breeding bacteria to degenerate my teeth, but naturally oxidization happens.

So, I don't recommend people do that, I'm just experimenting with myself to see.

.

.

.

(18) Fish Oil
[2003],[Attendee]

How about fish oil

[Aajonus]

Fish oil is a different thing?

That's an animal fat.

It's wonderful, but anytime you buy a fish oil that's been separated from the fish.

You use a solvent to purify it and that's like soaking your fish oil in kerosene.

They have to use heat and/or a solvent to purify it.

It's all purified and clarifed.

That's a solvent process.

Only way you are gonna get pure oils is from a fish.

.

(19) Flax Oil
[2003],[Aajonus]

There are 2 different fields there

Flax oil is 90% solvent reaction.

That's why it's good antioxidant, it helps break down toxic substances.

It does not lubricate the body.

It does not aid the body and stabilize it.

It is mainly a solvent that will dissolve and detoxify toxic substances in body.

[Attendee]

Isn't that good.

[Aajonus]

That's good, unless you're thin as you are, then you don't want to do it?

You want to build and stabilize your system and get enough weight on that you can afford to do that because the byproducts from using a solvent light that will have a lot of waste products, and they'll just go into your tissues all over the place.

It has to get it into there without damaging the intestinal walls.

It can't do that unless it is stable.

The body's stable with good raw fats, animal fats.

It has to be protected first.

It's like you going in and taking care of nuclear waste without a suit on.

It's not a good idea.

[Attendee]

So, that isn't that good to take.

[Aajonus]

No?

In fact, people who just come onto the diet, I say, stay away from all kinds of pressed oils for a couple of years if you're very thin.

.

(20) Flossing
[2003],[Attendee]

What about flossing

Is that a good idea?

[Aajonus]

Now flossing is okay, definitely because plaque is down there where the brush can't get easily?

It helps break it away.

.

(21) Free Radicals & Heavy Metals On Cooked Foods
[2003],[Aajonus]

Well, in combination with the cauterized minerals in those cooked foods, because in grains, those minerals are very concentrated

Very hard and very solid, lots of metal, metallic minerals in grains, especially if it's grown with chemicals.

You put all those poisons in and you cook them, they become three radicals and the brain use most of the metals.

Nervous system.

So, that's why people are very scattered, but civilizations have known that for a long time.

They kept all the lackies in China, 90% of their diet was grain and in Egypt they did the same thing from the slaves.

They would keep them emotionally imbalanced and physically hyperactive to do the work and the royalty, they lived almost entirely on fats and meat.

Warriors were in between.

Garbage.

Yeah, that's such hype.

I did that for a year and a half, macrobiotic diet.

I witnessed that for so many years.

I did not know one person who survived that I knew, that is wishful thinking.

Salt and rice, that's what their diet is.

Mainly high pressure steamed rice.

.

(22) Gas
[2003],[Attendee]

Gas

[Aajonus]   Well, gas?

Usually what happens is you have poisons that are in the intestinal walls or stomach walls or esophageal walls, and it dumps in and mixes with the gastrointestinal juices and that causes gas.

But most of that is reduced on this diet.

So, if you go on the diet, for 95% of the people, 90% of the gas leaves them that they're normally used to having on a cooked diet.

And then some people get a little bit more for a while, maybe 3 to 5 months and then that dissipates down to about 95% that they're normally used to passing, and that means you have 95% better friends.

.

(23) Gas From Salads
[2003],[Attendee]

And then when I go up to these people, I've been having salads

[Aajonus]

No wonder you have gas.

Just remember if you eat salads, salads alkalinize the intestinal tract.

The intestinal tract has to be acid to digest all the animal product.

You're gonna have lots of gas.

If you eat a salad, it better be the last food of the day, so no meat catches up to it during the night because you will have gas.

That's why I suggest vegetable juice, not vegetables.

You need to alkalinize the blood, not the intestines.

And if we were well, we wouldn't even need vegetable juice.

We wouldn't need that mineral supplement, all the alkalinity, and all the vitamin and enzyme supplements.

All the other tribes that eat raw foods don't need that.

They just eat the meat and dairy and the blood, simple.

They don't ever eat vegetables.

Well, I shouldn't say ever, once or twice a year.

.

(24) Grains Cravings & Period Pain & Why Women Live Longer
[2003],[Aajonus]

A lot of times when people grew up on a lot of grains, you have all these sugar byproducts

Now, Columbia University did a test and they found the byproducts store 70% to 90%.

In a healthy body it stores for a lifetime at rate of 70%, in an unhealthy body at a rate of 90%.

If you have not been a meat eater and eating good quality fats from meat, you will not have removed any of it in your lifetime.

All of a sudden, when you start going on a diet like this, all of a sudden, the body's gonna get rid as much as it can from the nervous system quickly.

And that causes swelling in the brain and nervous system, which can cause headaches.

If that happens, you'd have to cut out all other vegetables and just mainly drink celery juice and eat tomatoes to get enough of the salts out the brain, and nervous system, so you reduce the swelling.

So, you won't have as many problems.

And as far as the female cyclical cycle being painful, the female organs do a lot to discharge poisons.

The only thing that I can find that correlates with women living 20% longer is that the vaginal discharge is 20% greater than any man discharges of mucus is right to the equation that women live 20% longer.

Cause they have another area to discharge quickly, a lot of toxic matter.

So, in the cycle is where a lot of women discharge a lot of poison.

Things that are high in natural sodium, which will help helping us swelling.

Also, pink grapefruit.

So, if you were change your juices to only celery for the period of time that you're suffering and eat half of a pink grapefruit a day in the afternoon, and tomatoes any other time, then you will have enough sodium to pull the salts, toxic salts that cause the swelling out of the system.

So, you'll have less pain.

.

(25) Heating Devices & Hot Water Bottles
[2003],[Aajonus]

They have these heat applications where you stick it in the microwave

Can you imagine how many metallic metals are all of a sudden going be irradiated.

You're gonna put that there and it's gonna emit radiation through your skin, through your lymph system.

Not very bright.

So, get those hot water bottles.

If you don't want a plastic one with BPA in it, out of England, they make these pure rubber water bottles, they stink like hell, they smell like rubber.

It takes six months or so to get rid of the odor, but they won't cause the BPA to get into the skin.

Um, Timber something, natural health food store.

Sell Natural clothing, camping products and stuff like that, "Vermont Country Store".

Let me tell you, they don't break like the plastic ones.

[Kathy]

You leave it in the sun six weeks.

[Aajonus]

That's what I do.

I leave it out 6 months, 6 weeks minimum.

Cause it's real rubber.

[Kathy]

6 months or you can't use it.

[Aajonus]

No, you can use it?

It's just I hate the smell of rubber.

So, I have 4 or 5 of them and I leave them out for 6 months, and the one I used I already left out for 6 months.

No, it's better.

Children have a lot of growth hormone, so they will heal.

They heal quickly and if that garbage is left there, they will scar and they'll never develop properly.

So, heat on the child all the time.

[Kathy]

So, just throw out the old plastic water bottles.

[Aajonus]

That's what I did?

.

(26) High Cholesterol & BloodSugar
[2003],[Aajonus]

Again, remember the honey has a natural insulin already in it from the bee, so it doesn't react that way

I put juvenile diabetics on the unheated honey, and the sugar level goes way up in their blood, but it causes no symptoms.

There are no symptoms.

And the cholesterol levels and sugar levels are fine as long as they're not toxic substances.

Having a high cholesterol level is the best thing you can have in our society to deal with poisons.

A ton of poisons and you breathe them in every day.

Well, you make sauces.

All the sauces in the Recipe Book.

Butter with everything.

.

(27) Highly Toxic Occuptation & Airport
[2003],[Aajonus]

Oh, there was one other highly toxic person besides mechanics and load operators

And those people grew up under an airport or landing strip.

Very toxic.

.

(28) How Many Years Aajonus Eats Raw Meat
[2003],[Attendee]

So, when you were experimenting eating like that

Tripe and parasites and stuff, how many years have you been eating the raw meat.

[Aajonus]   Well, the chicken tripe came pretty pretty rapidly?

This was 1979 when I ate that and I started eating the raw meat in September of 1976 when I ate the rabbit, and I was only eating meat maybe twice a week, average twice a week.

But I had just got off of a long fast, and I was starving, and I broke the 42-day fast.

I don't recommend anybody does fasting, it took me 3 years to recover from that fast.

If you're eating meat, it may not take as long.

So, I had to break the fast in the middle of the night and there were no stores open.

So, I went into the garbage bin of the fish store and there was a huge filet of salmon with pinworms in it.

So, I did it and I ate it.

I just knew there was gonna be no problem.

So, then after I did it, the next morning I was in a panic.

So, I had my blood taken once a week for 10 weeks and had a feces check.

Never had a parasite.

So, I mean, this piece of salmon was undulating with these white- I thought these guys were so hardy and fibrous.

.

(29) How To Mineralize
[2003],[Aajonus]

That meat meal, grate some cheese and put that in the mixture right before you eat it

There you'll provide a lot of minerals that that will attach to the lemon or citrus juice, whatever it.

[Attendee]

If I understand this correctly, raw milk is the best substance to drink.

[Aajonus]

Correct?

As long you have extra cream.

[Attendee]

And that bone marrow is additionally efficient.

[Aajonus]

Bone marrow will do it even faster than that.

Bone marrow is stem cell.

It is all stem cell.

That means the body can take a bone marrow cell and make a liver cell, a nerve cell, any cell in the body.

It's a transmogrification.

[Attendee]

Where do you get it.

[Aajonus]

There's only one source we have here?

It's very hard getting it.

We should all applaud her.

She got the sources for glands, good organic buffalo glands, and the bone marrow.

If you want any of those to help get well faster, take her number after this and give her a call.

[Kathy]

I wanna order the bone marrow after, cause she can't stand it at the same time because they have to let the animal hang for 10 days.

.

(30) Laser Surgery
[2003],[Aajonus]

I got two of them that were like that and I suggested they have laser surgery

So, they had laser surgery, and one of 'em was 10 years ago, and the other one was 8 years ago and they had no recession.

They heal quicker than anybody else the doctors had seen anybody heal and they'd produced no scar tissue there and they were fine.

It's the only surgery I recommend.

[END OF CLIP]

.

(31) Laxatives & Chia Seeds With Lube Formula
[2003],[Aajonus]

It's not a good idea

If you need something to help make laxative.

Like the man who came here earlier who didn't even stay for anything other than just to thank me.

His wife had been on diet for about 2 years.

She's a person who couldn't even drink water.

She started the diet.

Now she's gained about 30 pounds, she was skin and bones, she was going to die.

Now she's fine.

He thought it was a crazy diet, but he didn't have any other choice, but to watch her go through it.

After a year on the diet, he started experimenting.

Now he's come to me as a client, but he was doing these other things.

I told him the diet and he was doing his version of the diet because he knew better.

So, I just had a consultation with him last week and I said, you don't do that.

This is why you have to do this and that.

So, he was giving me this resistance for about 15 minutes, and I just laid it out there, said, this is the way, just do it.

See what happens.

He came to tell me that all his problems disappeared in just a few days.

But he was the one that has a lot of constipation problems.

And I said, don't grind the flax seed, all of that garbage because it has phytic acid in it.

It'll prevent you from absorbing your D vitamins.

You go towards depression; you have anxiety attacks if you do that with flax seeds.

He wanted to take chia seeds.

Soak them in water for about 6 to 10 hours, they'll puff out with all this gelatin.

Mix that with a lubrication formula or some cream.

You want it to taste like a nice cereal.

Add cream and honey?

I said, never chop your seeds into hard substances because it takes hours for it to soften.

So, it's gonna go into your intestines and start slashing into it then you're gonna up more constipated.

If you want to take the flax seeds, they will also produce the same kind of mucus like gelatin, but not like the chia seeds and not as quick.

Chia seeds are a very fine little seed that they feed birds, but you can find it in some health food stores.

Very fine seed.

[Attendee]   You have to get it organic though.

[Aajonus]   No, because it doesn't absorb, none of that absorbs?

It takes a bird, a very hardy bird to digest it.

[Attendee #2]   Why take it.

[Aajonus]   To help people who don't have good peristalsis and they don't have good E coli to cause bowel movements?

So, it's just to help them move cause some people who don't have the bacteria, the E coli to produce enough fecal matter or enough bacteria to discharge, the toxins will stay and they're highly acrid, and they don't have enough mucus in that bowel cause they had too many colonics or enemas, the toxic substances that are in the bowel will irritate the intestinal walls and cause ulcerations and even more constipation, and then they'll get headaches, all kinds of problems.

They'[re mean and nasty like the alligators from Texas that had no asshole I dunno,  somebody gets those jokes.

.

(32) Letting Teeth Go
(33) Lost 25 Pound From Costa Rica Customs
[2003],[Aajonus]

I lost so much weight

I lost almost 25 pound going to Costa Rico because they took a lot of my food away when I got in there.

Their customs, but their agriculture is as bad as we are.

Don't let anything in their country.

They took my eggs away.

They took my honey away; I did smuggle some butter.

I didn't tell 'em what some of my butter was, so they didn't take it all, some of my cream.

You couldn't get it back.

They're not gonna keep it for 14 days.

Can you imagine what a storage house they would have.

They throw it away?

So, I didn't have the food that I needed there, and I didn't find a place to get raw butter until my last two days there, but there was a health food store there that had raw butter from water buffalo, and raw milk and everything.

So, I chowed down.

It wasn't enough to really get me back, and then I started going through a heavy detoxification, even before I went.

I went in April.

.

(34) Magnesium & Cauterized Mienrals From Supplements
[2003],[Attendee]

Quick question, first is where to get magnesium

[Aajonus]

Okay, magnesium occurs in all food?

High in parsley and green leafy vegetables, high in milk, it's high in cheeses, all dairy products are very high in it.

[Attendee]

What about nuts.

Almonds?

[Aajonus]

Yeah, but almonds are too difficult to digest for any human, but if you have nut formula, you will get a certain amount, but you can't get all the phytic acid out, so I only recommend it once or twice a week?

Meat is your best source of magnesium.

Just remember that you don't need all of those counterbalancing minerals when you're eating a raw diet.

When you pasteurize, even when you just take the milk up to 141°, you cauterize 50% of the calcium to balance that toxic mineral and the potassium is destroyed at like 97°.

It's altered 97 degrees.

So, you have all these mineral imbalances.

You have to have a lot of other minerals: potassium, magnesium to deal with all of these cauterized minerals.

When you're eating it raw, there's no excessive need for calcium, and excessive need for magnesium or potassium.

[Attendee]

What does cauterize mean.

[Aajonus]

Burn, solidify?

Take clay, and when you fire it, what happens.

Turns it sharp and hard?

That's cauterized.

It solidifies that it, it just seals it into a form where it can't be bioactive anymore.

[Attendee #2]

If you boil mineral water, all the white cauterized minerals on the bottom.

[Aajonus]

That's cauterized minerals and that's what comes out your teeth?

[Attendee]

That's inside the kettle and all that.

[Aajonus]

It's inside your body.

Everything you eat that's cooked forms that in the body, you have all that mineral product, that chalk.

It's all very poor mineral relationship.

That's why everybody has osteoporosis and breaks.

They get brittle bones as they get older.

.

(35) Mercury Fillings
[2003],[Attendee]

Your mouth is full of gold fillings and a few of the other kinds, like you said mercury

[Aajonus]

I recommend getting rid of amalgams, as long as you're having trouble with sleeping and radio waves.

What it does is it gases and the mercury vapors crystallize, and they absorb into the body and damage cells.

They can damage about 1000 healthy cells.

One molecule crystal of the mercury will destroy 1000 surrounding cells, a big bomb.

So, it's a good idea to get rid of it.

1000 cells is no big deal.

You can fit at a couple million cells on the end of a pinhead, but still, collectively.

.

.

[Attendee]

But you have to go to a dentist who knows how to do remove it properly.

[Aajonus]

Yes?

Puts a dam in there to make sure you don't breathe it and inhale it.

.

(36) Minerals In Vegetable Juice
[2003],[Aajonus]

You're always gonna keep up with that loss

And the vegetable juice is your vitamin, enzymes and mineral supplement.

All bioactive, all very utilizable and let me tell you, four glasses a day fat exceeds the mineral concentration that your body could even use in one day, unless you were an athletes, working out 5, 8 hours a day.

Those people I have taking 16 ounces of juice at a time, 4 to 5 times a day.

Sometimes a quart at a time if you're six foot something tall.

.

(37) Natural Clay Can Be Toxic
[2003],[Aajonus]

Just remember that clays are toxic

I built a hot tub out at my place big concrete one.

And I wanted to color the cement, so I got natural oxide to color it, but what happens is after you know, about five or six days of that water settling in there oxides started coming into the water and I started getting symptoms.

And the way I found that out was because I let the algae grow and after it turned green and was very thick, all of a sudden, it started to turn yellow.

So, the cadmium oxide was a part substance of that natural clay when I put in the cement, so it was killing the algae.

It was turning yellow and dying.

So, um, I'm debating whether I'll tile it now.

So, even natural clays can be toxic, you just have to be careful.

[unclear] .

[unclear] doesn't have enough iron in it to chelate to the cadmium.

So, you just have to be careful.

I've learned so much in the past six months of studying this clay, I'm still not satisfied to be able to provide.

So, coral calcium is probably the least toxic clay to use.

Yes, I'm working with it right now.

[Attendee]

What clay.

[Aajonus]

Pascalite?

[Kathy]

What is that.

[Aajonus]

It's a clay?

[Kathy]

Is it a green clay.

[Aajonus]

No, it's a beige clay, but it comes from a thermal bed, which I'm not happy with because those mienrals are cauterized at high temperatures?

And this thermal bed is like 700 degrees deep in the earth.

So, of course that was millions of years ago, but I still don't like using cauterized minerals.

.

(38) Orthodontist Took Out 4 Teeth
[2003],[Aajonus]

The braces shrunk my mouth, and my tongue was so big that I couldn't speak

I lisped all the time cause my tongue didn't fit in my mouth.

This is the stupidity of some people out there.

"Oh, I'm gonna rearrange his mouth".

Well, what size is the tongue.

He didn't think about that?

So, I had to take scissors and keep cutting this membrane right here, so that my tongue would go back farther, so I could speak probably?

That was pretty rough and I haven't had to do it for about 15 years because it's not growing back anymore, but it would grow back and I would have to cut it again.

I used parashears.

Parashears are sharp.

Clip painful for a few seconds.

I'd turn red.

[Attendee]

I pierced my ears with self piercing.

They got infected, oh my God.

[Aajonus]

But that didn't infect, I was taken care of on a good diet.

I have nine teeth that should be in there that don't exist: four, because of the orthodontist, four because of the wisdoms teeth that the dentist took out, and one that just rotted out in that experience in 1982.

.

(39) Oysters Remove Toxic Substances & Farmed Is Fine
[2003],[Aajonus]

Oysters are very helpful

It's funny, oysters have the ability to take some of the most toxic substances and they build it in the shell, rather than bring it into the body.

I had one of the most toxic people that I'd ever seen, grew up under an airport and she was loaded with metal poisoning.

And I said if you eat three dozen oysters a week, you could probably eliminate- because she was going through fibromyalgia really bad.

So, she barely had enough energy to get outta bed every day.

She ate three dozen a week for an entire year.

She got rid of one third of her metal poisoning in one year.

I've never seen anybody do that before.

She was diligent.

[Attendee]   Does that go for osteoporosis.

[Aajonus]   Correct?

There's something about the cell of an oyster that can take a mineral from any substance and make good out of it.

[Attendee]   How do you know if they are farm raised or naturally grown in the ocean.

[Aajonus]   All oysters and clams are farmed raised?

However, all that means to a oyster and a clam is that they have a fence that blocks off a part of the ocean, and they're now allowed to claim that as their farm, so people can't trespass.

The only thing that they do is not natural; sometimes they'll take the offspring, separate it from the mother and plant it in different areas, but they don't feed it garbage.

They don't feed.

It's only fed what's naturally in the ocean because they found out they screw up their reproduction and they don't reproduce it if they feed them.

So, it's completely natural except for the fence.

[Kathy]   What do they eat.

[Aajonus]   Whatever's in the water, the ocean water?

Well, There's  Well, the jars are glass, so that's fine, but it's still probably better to have them fresh.

That means it’s still alive.

.

(40) Pain
[2003],[Aajonus]

There is no such thing as a pain that's debilitating as long as you're on good diet

Pain is always a result of the body correcting itself.

It's swelling in a particular area.

The body's always trying to heal itself.

It will correct itself if you're feeding it the right nutrients, whether you are on the diet or off the diet, you go through the same pain.

It's just that you will go through less pain on the diet and you will cleanse properly and heal properly.

I was crawling on the floor like a worm cause I was in such pain after they cauterized my spine from the radiation.

I was in so severe pain; I couldn't move my entire body.

I had to crawl on the floor like this, take me 30 minutes to get across the room.

So, I had gallon jars that I had urinated in.

Buckets that I shat in, and then somebody would come and clean them out every couple of days.

So, my house stunk like hell, but that's the way I lived cause I was in severe pain, but I was on a good diet and I knew I just had to wait it out, get it through.

I mean, I tried to commit suicide a couple times.

It didn't work, so I had to endure it.

So, no pain is not justified, you wanna reduce it with good nutrients.

Pain formula that's in the book will reduce it most of the time.

Hot water bottles to relax the area, so it doesn't cause pressure on the nerves, and that will reduce pain.

[Attendee]   Back pain.

[Aajonus]   That's again, swelling in that area, and that joint?

[unclear] , and eat the pain formula once or twice a day with your meat.

Eric, do you have a question.

[Eric]   I have back pain that just won't go away?

[Aajonus]   People who've had back injuries and back problems like we do spend the rest of their life in pain.

He only goes through it maybe three or four weeks.

[Eric]   The last time it was only like 17 days.

[Aajonus]   Oh terrific.

That's what happens on this diet.

You go through a detoxification, each time you start cleaning out that area, it gets to the point where it's clean.

It's quick.

[Attendee]   How long does it take the body to start detoxing and cleaning.

[Aajonus]   It depends upon the individual?

You saw our milk man, James Stewart.

He went two and a half years on the diet without ever going through a detox.

He had been a vegetarian for almost 30 years.

He was 50 years old when he went on the diet, he was 138 pounds.

6' 3'', 138 pounds.

He's not skinny anymore, now he's 210.

So, he had gone all his life eating nothing, but chips and garbage.

So, his body took two and a half years just to strengthen itself to get ready to detox.

Other people will go right into it.

All depends.

It's an individual thing.

.

(41) Parasites
[2003],[Aajonus]

Afraid of getting parasites and bacterial infections is such an absurdity

I'm in that category of oxygenarian who doesn't produce any hydrochloric acid and they said when I was 20 years old, when they did that, they said you will never be able to eat raw foods again, they will kill you.

If you get a bacterial, parasitical infection.

I've eaten parasite infected meat that undulated with the pinworms and, and calves' brain that was full of parasites and chicken tripe that was full of the parasites and never got one.

I had my feces and blood checked for 10 weeks after, and I never got one parasite.

The doctors and scientists think, "Oh, this is how it probably is and therefore it is".

And it's written in stone.

It's got nothing to do with reality.

So, no need to be afraid and go through life, terrified to the raw meat.

[Attendee]   When you're talking about parasites.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Take your own bodies.

We lose skin cells every day.

Before there were showers and baths, guess what you did.

You had salmonella bodies, billions of them on your arms and body that would eat these dead human cells?

Eat them.

That's what salmonella was there to do, eat the dead cells.

So, you didn't cake up and dry out.

They were helping you, it's a symbiotic relationship.

You have these small protozoa type parasites that live on waste products: very, very small molecules of animal flash that have degenerated.

So, they're all good.

Well, it's because you had too much rock in your system and you weren't on a good diet, so you weren't cleansing properly and you weren't healing properly.

.

(42) Phytics Acid
[2003],[Attendee]

That's hard to digest, I heard you mention phytic acid

[Aajonus]   All nuts have phytic acid, all seed to have phytic acid.

Phytic acid prevents the body from digesting protein for 24 to 48 hours later.

Average is 36 hours, Not only the protein in the nuts, but any other protein, whether it's eggs, milk, or meat that you eat afterwards.

So, that's why I worked very hard at coming up with a formula to use with the nuts that neutralized the phytic acid.

And that's grinding the nut until it's a flour, adding the egg, a fat (butter), and honey.

.

(43) Pineapple Builds Bones & Citrus Demineralizes
[2003],[Aajonus]

Grapefruit doesn't react as badly, and also pineapple actually helps mend the bones and reverse osteoporosis

The Tangerine, the orange, the lemon, the lime will help deteriorate the bones.

[Kathy]

You can't suck on a lemon or a lime, right.

[Aajonus]

I didn't make the world this way?

Don't be upset with me.

I just observe and tell you what it does.

[Attendee]

Fish or chicken when you put it in lemon.

You shouldn't have that.

[Aajonus]

No, that's fine because there's enough substances in there for the lemon to work on.

It's not gonna damage the mineral balance of it unless you have it too often.

[Kathy]

What do you mean, you can't put too much.

[Aajonus]

If you have it every day, if you have lemon and chicken every day, you're going to have some mineral deficiencies?

[Kathy]

So, you shouldn't eat chicken every day.

[Aajonus]

No?

Lemon and chicken.

Nobody should eat lemon every day.

[Kathy]

And we have that chicken for three days.

[Aajonus]

If you eat it every day for three days, it's not going to cause mineral deficiency.

If you ate it every day for 10 days, you better believe you're gonna start having mineral deficiencies.

It depends upon the individual.

If your teeth start getting more sensitive, you are having too much lemon.

Your gums start getting sensitive, any part of your body starts getting sensitive.

You've had too much citrus, back off.

[Kathy]

What about the lube formula.

[Aajonus]

The lube formula has such a small amount of it in relationship with the fat?

That's why it usually doesn't harm marinated fish, because you have the fats to utilize the citric acid.

In the process of utilizing fat as energy or as utilizing it as a solvent to dissolve toxins in the body, the body uses 80% fat, 15% proteins and 5% citric acid or alcohol the body will make by fermenting carbohydrates in the system.

Fats are usually accompanied by a lot of minerals.

All fats are concentrated with minerals, nothing to worry about, but if you use a lot, like some people use an awful lot of lemon juice to marinate their chicken and they're eating/drinking all of that lemon use along with it, they're going to create an imbalance.

Fat and mineral deficiency, it's going to start leeching it out of the body.

.

(44) Radiations & Cat Scan
[2003],[Aajonus]

More radiation, that's all I need laughs It takes years to get rid of radiation

[Kathy]

What about a cat scan.

[Aajonus]

It's worse?

[Kathy]

I know, but how many years to get rid of it.

[Aajonus]

20 years from the cat scan?

You have to understand, your body is made of minerals.

A lot of them are metallic, especially if you eaten cooked foods.

You have a lot of solidified metal in your system, it is not raw.

Cauterized minerals, solid metals that when they are irradiated, they stay active for sometimes 150 years.

You cannot dissolve all of that out of your bone from a diet overnight.

It could take 30, 40 years to get rid of it all.

So, every time you get a dose of radiation, you're reactivating.

[Kathy]

But you mentioned avocados and oranges.

[Aajonus]

Oranges will help get it out of the softer tissue?

.

(45) Receeding Gums
[2003],[Aajonus]

Probably detrimental because when I followed 4 people for a 10 year period

.

.

every animal in nature has receding gums, so pocket gets larger the older they are, but it works in increments.

It's not a bad thing until you're way down below 32, the youth level, the child level.

And there's no harm in that.

Dentist may a fortune on getting people to come in and get cleanings and then to take medication for that, and that's a natural thing.

There's no disease associated with it.

Disease is associated with eating lots of sugars that rot the teeth from the inside, not the outside.

They love to blame bacteria on the outside, but there's no test that proves that because where does the bacteria come from.

Mainly comes from the inside, and goes out the tubules?

Keeps being discharged out in the dentine and that weakens the dentine, then the cavity starts.

I'm sure bacteria or plaquing can irritate it and cause it to be progressive.

Well, if you have severe plaque that has a lot of acid in it, I had a vagotomy, which means I had an operation, which severed all the nerves to my stomach, so I wouldn't produce hydrochloric acid.

What that did for me was, all the acid backs up into my mouth.

That's when my teeth started rotting heavily because all my hydrochloric acid was going into my mouth, instead of my stomach.

So, my teeth were just rotting away quickly, and still my teeth are okay comparatively, I still have my teeth.

These are all my teeth.

I don't have any implants, and I was supposed to lose them 35 years ago.

That to me is a good thing.

My teeth aren't perfect, but I can use them.

I can chew on the stuff with my teeth, it's enjoyable.

[Attendee]

You have your wisdom teeth.

[Aajonus]

No?

They were taking out when I was a kid.

.

.

.

(46) Red Eyes & Egg Whites
[2003],[Kathy]

Well, the question is, first of all, my mother has a terrible bad eye

Left eye is really red inside.

What do you suggest for that eye.

[Aajonus]

Putting some egg white in that eye?

Your mother doesn't do anything I say, so.

[Kathy]

Because they said it's macular degeneration from her nerve.

The eye doctor looked at it.

[Aajonus]

Well, your mother's not well.

Your mother's not well at all.

One of the meanest people I know.

She's toxic from it.

So, I don't know that anything's gonna help her much.

If you get her put the egg white in her eye, it will help.

It will feed the protein right through the cornea so that she can maybe stabilize that deterioration.

[Kathy]

Blood shot all over.

.

(47) Red Meat For Eyes
[2003],[Attendee]

My ophthalmologist told me that a high percentage of people grow old have their vitreous humor pull away from the vent it's happened a tremendous amount

I was just wondering is it possible to alleviate that situation.

[Aajonus]

Believe it or not, red meat.

Red meat with cream and butter combined.

Theoretically, you think that because the eye is more nerves than anything else than muscle, that it would be like nerves reconstituted with white meat there, but in all of my experiments with people and myself, red meat is the only thing that will clear up the focus and the floaters, which are waste products your body's not breaking down.

[Attendee #2]

How much red meat.

[Aajonus]

It all depends upon the individual?

So, even as much as it takes to refocus.

[Attendee #3]

And for people who are jitterish.

[Aajonus]

That's a little different?

That's more white meat.

i I've had quite a few people do it.

Some people on the diet for a long time, it stopped their advancement, but it didn't clear up the eye as much.

Some people who put egg white in their eyes restored their vision and butter in their eyes and restored their vision, improved greatly as long as they follow the diet.

If you don't replace the nutrients properly, you're not gonna rebuild the eye and the fat isn't gonna do it greatly.

Need the protein from the egg white, but it was always in conjunction with that.

.

(48) Removing Mercury Filling With Cancer
[2003],[Aajonus]

There mercury out

No, I say if somebody has cancer?

, you wait until you get through with the cancer first.

Laurie had about 20 to 30 tumors in the right breast.

Right breast was a third larger than the right, hard as rock.

She had cancer in her right hip bone and in the right kidney attached to the adrenal gland.

She had a mouthful of amalgams and I suggested that she wait till she stabilized, and it took her two years to get rid of the cancer in the breast.

She couldn't get rid of the ones in the hip or the adrenal gland.

So, I suggested after three and a half years on the diet to eat some fecal matter cause of the University of Toronto was using the Veratoxin byproduct that completely dissolved human brain tumors in 2 - 7 days, including the vessels going to it.

They've been doing that for 29 years.

Why isn't that available.

Why isn't that information out?

And now 18 universities are using it in Canada, and The United States?

They're using the measle bacteria.

They're using cold, flu, salmonella.

They did the salmonella stuff last year.

Put out a product called attenuated salmonella, it goes in and chokes off the oxygen to the tumor, it does not eat it as it naturally does.

So, they'll charge you $8,000 for a shot of salmonella when you can just let some chicken rot or some eggs rot and eat it, and then they charge you $12,000 to inject a solvent to dissolve the tumor.

So, $20,000 for one therapy, and you can just go eat shit and live.

Basically, that's what it is.

She said, "Well, where do I get the fecal matter".

I said, "Well, it has to be a good clean animal"?

It has to be a healthy, organic animal.

And she said, "Where am I gonna get one".

I said, "Well, we've got gophers all over the yard.

You want me to shoot a couple".

And she said, "Yeah"?

So, I took my crossbow and shot a couple of gophers, and she ate the gopher guts.

And within two and a half months, the tumors connected to the kidneys dissolved by a third and the one in the hip decreased by the third.

So, she eats fecal matter on a regular basis out there in Hawaii.

She'll take part of it when they slaughter a goat or sheep.

She'll cut the bowel out and she has everybody eating shit.

And all the animals eat shit, except for humans, civilized humans.

There are tribes that don't get enough protein, so they'll eat the fecal matter that's already dumped in the field.

They'll just sit there and eat it like it's nothing, and it tastes just like overcooked vegetables.

Why they did it is because the cow has it pre-digested, but there's a lot of protein that we can get get from it.

So, that's why all animals eat fecal matters if they can't get enough meat and the bacteria will keep them from cancer.

And I've had probably 10 people do it.

I had one girl with advanced cancer in San Francisco that I've been talking to her about eating fecal, and she wouldn't do it.

When I was in Nevada city in April and we shot a wild Turkey and I put all the bowel and its content in a jar because I was going to do a seminar and workshop in San Francisco following that one, where she lived.

So, her boyfriend and I sat around one evening, like two little boys, bad little boys who would get the little girl neighbor to eat shit.

So, we finally got her eat the shit, and I got this email from her two weeks later and she said, "I cannot tell you the difference and feeling that I went from the next day, even though that I was in fear, I felt so much better, and it felt that way since".

And she's getting ready for her second helping of turkey shit with the bowels, actually the bowels.

Because if a person has cancer and their E coli isn't flourishing in their intestines, they're in trouble.

Allows for metastasis.

So, if you eat the bowel along with the fecal matter, it will help you restore your own environment to help your own E coli grow and produce.

So, the medical profession makes a fortune on bacteria phobia and let me tell you, we've been working with bacteria for millions of years, millions of years.

Nobody washed their hands before they wiped their buts and everything.

It's so absurd to think that we're all of a sudden.

.

.

.

(49) Root Canal
[2003],[Aajonus]

Have a root canal

We've already had one done.

There is a space in the base of the tooth, which is very, very fine and small.

Now because the nerve there is the most sensitive, they don't drill down to that little pocket and it's difficult for them to get down there and drill in anyway when you're going down into a deep tooth to do that.

So, they'll grind out the nerve, deteriorate the nerve all the way down to that little bitty, one centimeter of tissue that's in that little pocket.

Now, normally in a person who doesn't get fed well, what will happen is that'll abscess.

And then the body will start pouring the puss out to get rid of those dead cells that are decaying there.

On this diet, you have enough nutrients that you don't have to worry about that.

What the dentist love to do is charge you about $2000, and go in there and cut the gum open, scrape that off, and then reseal it.

The amount of repair that you have to do is going to far exceed the process of your body using bacteria to get rid of that little bit of decaying flesh in that little bitty pocket, or little bitty space.

So, if you're on the diet, let's say, 85%, 95%, you don't have to worry about it.

I'd say even if you're doing it less, you don't have to worry about it.

You just have to deal with an abscess that's going to come out your gum and secrete and it'll stink and smell awful and be pusy, but it's much easier and a lot of less expensive and a lot of us damage to your overall constitutions than having surgery.

The people that are very, very ill and very old, surgery can be a relief because they don't get enough nutrients to detox the area, and to keep up with that kind of infectious byproduct.

Now, the infection is not a bad thing, but bacteria goes in there and eats the decaying tissue, and then it has waste products.

But what bacteria does is when it eats this degenerative tissue, just like we'll take 7 pounds of food a day or more, and we'll reduce it into one nice elongated fecal matter, and that's what bacteria do.

They reduce all this contamination into a small substance that's easier to deal with.

That's why I encourage people to eat shit and live if they have cancer or eat high bacterial meat to get in there and eat up tumors or whatever is degenerative in your body.

That's the thing to do is to infect yourself with bacteria.

So, it'll go in there and do it.

.

(50) Steam & Sauana Vs Hot Bath
[2003],[Attendee]

Can you use a steam room

[Aajonus]   No, because it burns the sinuses?

It will burn the lungs, damage the mucus membranes.

[Attendee]   So, the sauna would be better.

[Aajonus]   If you're in that kind of hot- you have to understand steam is 212°?

That burns the mucus right through the mucus themselves.

So, you reduce your ability to absorb oxygen, you'll reduce your ability to produce mucus that protects you from pollution.

Not a good thing.

Very risky.

[Attendee]   Um, I do a fair amount of work on my car, and then recently I've gotten a little concerned.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Blade operators and mechanics.

Blade is a machine that you turn something, and you cut it, shave it.

[Attendee]   So, I should wear gloves and just touch as little.

[Aajonus]   And if you're playing around with brake fluid or kerosene, you better wear a mask?

[Attendee]   Oh really.

Does your cream help at all?

I've been using that?

[Aajonus]   Yeah, it does.

You put it in your hands and then put gloves over that.

Protect you a lot better.

Put it on your face, anywhere your body's exposed cause those vapors will come up and get right into your skin, and those are heavy metals, they're vaporized.

[Attendee]   Like if you touch it, it does.

Does it stay in your skin, or does it get absorbed right into your body too.

[Aajonus]   Oh, it's into the skin and absorbs into the body cause the lymph has to deal with it?

The lymph system can't handle it and it'll be absorbed into all kinds of tissue.

Very toxic.

All mechanics and blade operators.

Especially airplane.

They use more solvents than any mechanic.

.

(51) Sugar
[2003],[Aajonus]

Just remember that there's a difference between the sugar that feeds cancer and the natural sugars that exist in nature

Anytime you use carbohydrate as a sugar in the body as glycogen, you have a 70& to 80% byproduct.

If that is a processed, cooked sugar, you have all these cauterized minerals along with it, so that causes heavy plaquing and contamination in the system.

Those irritate and destroy cells.

That is carbohydrate damage, a sugar damage cell.

That's what destroy cells, body mummifies them, because it can't dissolve them and get rid of them, and that's what accumulates and makes tumors.

Sugar destroys more cells in the human body than any other contaminant.

That's why lots of tribes who eat cooked meat don't get cancer because they don't live on sugars.

All of the civilizations that live mainly on carbs, grains and stuff like that: have tapeworms, they have cancers, they all kinds of distortions.

Now I've been travelling to Taiwan and Thailand in February, and I just left Costa Rica a few weeks ago and they got these third world people believing that they should not eat meat at all, they should only grains and beans.

All of these kids that have babies, you know, 16 and 20, 22 years old, they have these babies.

that have no ethnicity to them?

These are children and they all have a gray complexion.

They are not well and crisp, you know, vibrant looking.

They are white, and gray from these diets.

Carbohydrate is the worst thing that human can eat in the form of grains, potatoes, beans.

The worst.

.

(52) Sun Can Burn Retina
[2003],[Aajonus]

But if your eyes are too sensitive, you can burn your retina

So, some people have to have sunglasses, but it's best to have them away from your eyes, so little bits of sunlight can pass through.

.

(53) Swelling Helps Bruises & Ice Damages Cartilage
[2003],[Attendee]

What you recommend as an additional treatment

.

.

[Aajonus]   Amputation! Laughs anytime you have a bruised cartilage nerves can bruise too, you have to have swelling.

Circulation has to come in there, remove the bruised tissue and damage byproducts in order for the knee to repair itself or the joint to repair itself.

That's why athletes burn out very young in life.

They keep putting ice on something, it never cleanses properly.

The tissue stays in there, gradually their cartilage isn't solid and doesn't work anymore.

So, they get shots of cortisone to numb the nerves and keep doing that until they're useless.

They are tribes in the Andes and all over the world that even at 90 years old, they're still running 200 miles a year.

They do a football exercise (soccer) where they'll go through the mountains cause it's not as much oxygen, 200 miles.

They play this game once a year.

They don't have that problem cause they never use ice under bruises or anything.

So, if you put hot water bottles there, it helps all the tendons relax, so that the swelling can occur without the pain.

Remember, the pain is the swelling in the nerve endings, the capillaries, the nerve platelets.

So, you just have to make sure everything's heated, so it relaxes and expands.

So, the best thing to do is apply heat.

[Attendee]   How long after.

[Aajonus]   Immediately?

For days until the pain stops.

Any kind of pain you have, apply hot water, always.

Any circumstance.

Even when it's internal, you have pain in your liver.

When your pain is a problem after eating a lubrication formula, put a hot water bottle here, so that the liver relaxes then it can start working properly.

After I ate the poison mushroom my liver was in severe pain.

I got headaches from that liver pain, but lemme tell you, I forced myself to eat a pound and a half to two pounds of butter a day cause I knew that liver would shut down if I didn't force it.

And I lived, I strapped two hot water bottles to my stomach, so that I could get through it.

[Attendee]   It keeps down the swelling.

[Aajonus]   No, what it does is it allows everything to relax and stretch and expand without the pain, without tearing, and pull and pressure?

[Attendee]   What about swelling.

[Aajonus]   Same thing?

Swelling of the liver, swelling is what causes the pain.

If everything relaxes, it can take this expansion without pain.

Still use the hot water bottle cause it will increase circulation, so you can clean that area out quickly.

[Attendee]   Would heat actually cause swelling to worsen.

[Aajonus]   For a few minutes, but it doesn't increase the pain?

It reduces the pain.

Once everything starts relax, it actually reduces the pain.

It just takes about five minutes.

Because that increases circulation, circulation means more nutrients in, and more waste products out.

You have to have the swelling or you don't cleanse and you don't heal and you end up like all the athletes pumped by coaches and doctors with aerosol and steroids, packed with ice, so they can get right back on the field.

Not if you're on good diet.

Sure, if you've got very tight tendons, you wouldn't be an athlete in the first place and if you're an athlete, you could handle heat.

That's what they do say, for three days use ice, then use heat.

Your most critical stage is in the first three days to get rid of bruised toxics substances out of that area.

.

(54) Teeth Brushing
[2003],[Attendee]

What about brushing your teeth

[Aajonus]

Brushing your teeth?

I think is a good thing because of the plaque?

You have toxic minerals that secrete through the gums.

That's why you have that plaque on there.

Those are minerals that have been cooked, but when you take clay, it's the same way.

Once you fire a clay, what happens to it.

It's a hard sharp substance?

When that comes out the gums, it causes plaque on the teeth, you need to get of that.

Cause it will choke off the dentine and that can cause more abscess or it can cause it to discharge from the nerves and the pustules, leaving the plaque on the teeth.

I brush whenever I feel the plaque solid.

[Attendee]

Once a day.

[Aajonus]

Once a day is fine?

[Attendee]

What do you brush with I brush with.

[Attendee]

I brush with an adult soft toothbrush that's all boar bristle because if I accidentally get one of those plastic things in my stomach, guess what I'm putting in my body?

Dioxin, BPA plastic?

I'm eating plastic.

.

(55) Teeth Caps Came Off
[2003],[Aajonus]

I started to say earlier when I had one of these caps come off, I had two caps to the left

Two came off and I just left them off.

So, two right here, one of them came off.

Now they've been on since 1978.

They've been on a long time.

One of 'em popped out 10 years ago.

I said, well, I'm not gonna go have the epoxy put on there.

So, I took bees wax I was chewing.

I took a spoon, and made it into a very thin waver.

I mean, paper thin.

Then I pressed it beside the tooth and put it on and just bit it.

It's been on for almost 11 years, and when I went to a dentist about five years ago, I forgot which one it was.

So, I said, would you do me a favor and go there and try to pull, I just want to see what the tooth looks like under the beeswax.

How much.

the tooth has oxidized.

Like if it does the same thing as it would if it had the epoxy on it, he couldn't get either one off.

He didn't know which one it was.

.

(56) Teeth Cleaning and Recession
[2003],[Aajonus]

When you get cleanings, what happens, they take the knife way down here, they keep cutting

How much recession do you think is caused by cleaning.

Most of it?

When I stopped having cleanings done on my teeth, the recession stopped.

I stopped having cleanings in the late eighties, and then I only had one in 1979.

1978 when I had all my amalgams taken out and had mostly composites put back in seven root canals, and crowns.

And then I had another cleaning in the mid eighties and I go to a dentist every once in a while, just to have them check the pocket depth to see it hasn't grown.

Hasn't gone any lower than 1 in 10 years.

Well, just brush with the right food, brush with the right foods.

[Attendees]

Laughs .

(57) Teeth Deteriation
[2003],[Aajonus]

Something I haven't really gone into in the book, and it disturbs a lot of people because it's a painful area

It's a delicate area.

I think I mentioned that after chemo and radiation in surgery, my teeth just dangled.

All the bone deteriorated around my teeth.

So, they were all loose and very painful, and if I bit down, I'd lose half a cup of blood each time I bit down.

So, I had to drink everything through a straw.

Of course, I was a vegetarian, fruitarian.

So, that was easy to do at the time, but of course, that sugar and high sugar kept the bone from growing, and it wasn't until I started eating dairy products and meat that my teeth solidified again to where I didn't lose them.

But they wanted to pull all of them when I was 21 years old.

And I said, if I'm going to my grave, I'm going to my grave with my teeth.

So he says, what does it matter if you're in your grave.

I said I'm already ugly?

So, I refused to do it and it's been a lot of healing with my teeth because they pretty much rotted.

They were rotted by about 50% by the time I was 28 years old on an all-fruit diet.

And then at 29 a half, I began eating a meat and then it changed.

My teeth started solidifying, bones started growing quickly, everything started growing.

Took about 13 years to stabilize.

I had no pain; I had several teeth that I refused to get filled because I want to see what it would be like naturally to experience it.

I don't suggest people do that because you will lose teeth doing that.

I suggest if you have holes in your teeth, you get fillings.

.

(58) Teeth Grow Back & Cavity Reversal
[2003],[Kathy]

The wisdom teeth can grow back

[Aajonus]

I dunno?

I had only witnessed a few people growing teeth in their later life, and I only witnessed a couple of young people in their twenties who had huge open cavities and from drinking the milk and eating the raw food products and the meats that their teeth grew back, cavities grew back.

[Kathy]

I was talking about the wisdom teeth they pull out.

[Aajonus]

I don't know.

There's some belief that there's a seed at the base of the tooth, and when they extract and pull it out, they pull the seed with it.

So, if you had your wisdom teeth or any teeth pulled, there's a possibility you won't grow the tooth back.

And the only people that I know that have grown teeth back at advanced ages, all let their teeth rot out naturally.

.

(59) Third Set Of Teeth
[2003],[Aajonus]

There are several records of people in later life growing a third set of teeth

So, I just got a medical report from a Vietnam 90-year-old man who grew a third set of teeth.

He had been toothless since he was 60, so he liked this.

He could start eating all those things he couldn't eat again.

So, I don't want to contaminate it, with any epoxies or anything, because I have such severe damage in my teeth that when the fillings pop out, I just leave them exposed.

So, I may go with dentures for a while and just hope the teeth will grow eventually.

But on this diet, there are several things that will happen, that will not happen to people that are not on the diet.

.

(60) Tinitus
[2003],[Attendee]

Is tinnitus a possible cause of having gold fillings

[Aajonus]

Yes.

If the mercury's going back and embedding.

Gold, no.

Tinnitus is from swelling in the ear canal.

You've got some kind of toxicity in the eardrum and the increased circulation cleans the area, causes the swelling.

It's like anytime you have swelling in the ear.

If you've ever had a sore throat, ear ache, everything rings.

Using the swelling, the extra fluid in there.

.

(61) Tomatoes Over Acidic & Geographical Tongue
[2003],[Aajonus]

It can cause over acidity in some people, because if you eat a lot of tomato sauces, pizzas, tomato sauce and stuff like that, and you have a high deposit those in the system

The raw tomatoes can help pull that garbage out, and that can cause an over acidity in the tongue, the mouth.

It can cause temporary geographical tongue.

Fissures all over.

It's called geographical tongue.

Mine's forever that way since they cut the vagus nerve, all the acid comes in my mouth.

.

(62) Urine & Fasting
[2003],[Aajonus]

For this long fast

Cause all along the fast, all I did was drink urine and water.

[Attendee]   You were just experimenting.

[Aajonus]   Yes?

Well, the urine is the same serum as the blood, without the red blood cells and a little ammonia that's manufactured in the kidneys.

So, basically, it's the same thing as blood, very nourishing.

There are tribes that don't have much meat, so they recycle their urine every day because they can recycle the proteins and other nutrients in it that they would just swap off by urinating.

So, I learned that in the mid-seventies when I was traveling around on bicycle, but I never had the nerve to try it, until about 1977 when I stopped bicycling, and I found that it did help me because I didn't even eat meat that often and it did recycle my protein and I've done fasts before.

I've done as long as a 32 day fast out on the Colorado river, and I got down to 92 pounds.

I believed that bullshit that Jesus is supposed to have said, if you fast one day for every year that you've lived, you will completely decontaminate your body, which is absolutely horseshit.

But I had to find that out the hard way.

You don't remove any toxins from the body, unless you have fat in the body and other nutrients to dissolve it and get it out of the system.

Otherwise, it just recirculates and on a fast your body eats itself, and if you're toxic, you're just eating toxic food and you're not gonna get any stronger.

So, maybe you get rid of a couple of trillion unhealthy cells because those cells were weak as hell.

And those cells that are remaining are very weak because you're not feeding them properly.

.

(63) Vegetable Oils & Plaque
[2003],[Aajonus]

Doesn't matter

When it's raw, it doesn't matter.

[Attendee]

Why doesn't it matter.

[Aajonus]

It doesn't matter because there are no side effects from it, there's no disease produced?

All of the tribes that eat lots of it and have very high cholesterol levels have no heart disease and no plaquing.

Plaquing comes from cooked vegetable oils.

You can take a vegetable oil, safflower oil, pour it into dirt.

What will happen.

That dirt will turn into a rock?

Turn into a rock! If you take cream or butter and you put it in the dirt, it molds and breaks down and becomes dirt ,feeds numerous bugs and insects and earth creatures.

It's fertilized, but vegetable is not.

Main thing we use vegetable oil for is to run our cars and machinery.

That's a dinosaur oil, it's an animal oil, but because it's been processed and heated it turns into a solidified substance.

But your vegetable oils are the main reason for hardening of the arteries.

We had very little heart disease and very little congested arteries until the pressed oil industry came out of all this: saturated fats bad, safflower oil was good, corn oil was good.

Once cooked, those will harden the body quickly.

.

(64) Vegetables Make Sick & Weight Loss
[2003],[Jim]

I'm trying to do the weight loss diet

I got off to a good start, and then I didn't lose any weight, get bloated and regular vegetable juice makes me feel queasy.

So, I'm gonna kind of a rough spot.

So, I think I'm just gonna quit until I get an appetite back.

Quit trying to to do the weight loss because I don't even get hungry all day, I just feel bloated.

I don't even want to eat, vegetable juices makes me feel like throwing up.

I don't know what's wrong.

[Aajonus]   Sounds like you're detoxing.

So, I would change the diet, the weight loss program should be different.

So, you have to give you a call and that would take 15 minutes to get that.

[Jim]   Okay.

One other mini question about the weight loss, in your recipe book there's all kinds of great meat recipes and sauces, stroganoff and this and that.

Do those count as meat.

[Aajonus]   Absolutely?

[Jim]   So, in other words, if you get a golf ball sized meat stroganoff, it counts as a golf ball sized.

So, the mushrooms and all that stuff is okay.

[Aajonus]   Remember, when you're on the weight loss program, you don't want as much fat?

[Jim]   But the recipes in general using butter instead of cream.

[Aajonus]   Well, like I say, if you use those recipes on the weight loss, you're gonna have some difficulty, you're gonna be much hungrier?

[Jim]   So, I should just stick to the meat.

[Aajonus]   Yeah.

Just remember, the more meat you eat, the quicker you will lose the weight.

People start eating juices and do everything else and eat the tomatoes and drink a little milk and then don't eat the meat and they say I'm not losing weight.

Well, hell what do you think burns fat, pyruvate.

You got to have the protein, the meat to do it, which is why the Sears diet works.

The zone diet, puts so much meat into the system, it burns all the fat up.

.

(65) Vegetarian Community In Hawai
(66) Viruses Aren't Alive
[2003],[Aajonus]

It's not a live thing

It's a conglomeration, a structure of proteins that's not alive, and the medical profession says that viruses are contagious.

100 years ago, everybody used to make soaps in their homes with coconut oil and alcohol or coconut oil and vinegar.

That was soap.

Soap was made that way.

That would be like saying, soap is contagious because it appears in every home.

Everybody's body makes solvents of all compounds, but when your body uses a solvent process, it takes a lot of dilution.

So, instead of reducing the toxic material involved, it expands it like we're washing something, we keep diluting it with water and washing it away, and then you had this bucket of garbage.

It's a lot different, when bacteria and parasites eat something, they always reduce the contamination.

Parasites can take three times their weight and reduce it into a hundredth of what it was.

That's why I love parasites because their byproducts are so minimal, easier to handle.

They keep dividing cells so that you patch the degenerative areas where the parasites are eating,  Basically, that's it.

So, you don't have to be afraid of your teeth.

Like I said, if you don't want them to rot your face, then put porcelain fillings on them, porcelain fillings last longer.

They don't crack as easily.

They may last 20 years as a composite, which is plastic and is very toxic, can cause recession of gums and of the internal nerve.

Can last a year, two years, three years at the most and is cracking and splitting and turning black.

So, these two right here, these are plastic faces on here.

You see them turning black.

So, I've got an option for it, I have them broken out, and I reservice it, and have it taken off and then it has these black teeth remaining.

That's an option that I'm considering right now.

So, I may just have a porcelain face put on it, take the plastic off because it's causing my gums to completely pocket right here.

.

(67) Vitamic C In Meat
[2003],[Aajonus]

The vitamin C in meat is so high that it reverses severe a scurvy in three days

Not even carrot juice or oranges can do that.

.

(68) Vitamin D Deficiency, Sun Removes Poison Pigments - Copy
[2003],[Attendee]

I like to go in the sun and I have not done anything you've recommended

I just go in the sun straight.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Oh, it's very bad.

It's a vitamin d deficiency, they're all in depression.

That's why there are so many suicides in Sweden and Finland.

[Attendee]   So, I've always felt good and regenerated in the sun, and a little down when there's no sun, does that mean I have a vitamin D deficiency.

[Aajonus]   It means you have a vitamin d deficiency and you need the sun?

I went through that up until about three years ago.

It took me how many years eating meat on a daily basis, it took me 17 years to get to the point where this kind of weather doesn't depress me.

[Attendee]   So, what I should do is be in in the sun more.

[Aajonus]   Yeah?

[Attendee]   And how much is it okay before it affects me.

[Aajonus]   Well, it depends on what you want?

I'm an opportunist.

I use anything I can to get well quicker.

So, when I lived on a bicycle and wasn't eating meat, my skin felt like leather, like the Indians, and to help get rid of it when I started eating all the meat and raw fat.

I would scorch myself until I peeled layers of skin off and use natural skin, so I don't have all that scar tissue, and all that thick tissue.

And I still use it, when I've been in Costa Rica.

I had been having the sun for- hardly any sun, raining all the time, but there was one sunny day, so I took full advantage of it.

So, anywhere where I had wrinkles that were scar tissue, I've healed, and it's great because now i'm looking younger.

I take full advantage of it, so you can burn yourself if you want.

[Attendee]   Okay.

I don't burn very often at all.

I don't, I'm finding some with the marks on my face or I had this thing that started a red mark on my forehead after being in the sun.

[Aajonus]   Well, sometimes what happens is vitamin D helps get rid of poison pigments that are in the body.

Let's say you eat some cake with some food coloring in it and that got into an area- you have to understand, even in the blue, there's coal, it's radioactive minerals in that coloring, so they get into your body and they cause damage, and then your body has to secrete it to get rid of it.

Vitamin D helps take toxic pigments out of the system.

[Attendee]   So I could go lie in the sun for three hours, correct.

[Aajonus]   Absolutely?

Usually all of those spots, they come out, go away, most of them, on this diet.

Sometimes they may take a year and a half to go away.

[Attendee]   What about the white spots.

[Aajonus]   In my laboratory test, I took scrapings on the skin of those white spots cause I had them severely once I started eating all the cream?

I was eating a quart of cream a day with a quart of carrot juice, and I was exercising.

I was eating lots of eggs and lots of fish to build myself up and I had huge white spots all over.

So, I took a scraping and I found that those particular cells absorb the vitamin D rapidly, but it could also release it into the body.

Whereas the other skin areas weren't as healthy, they absorb the sun to transform the fats in the skin into vitamin D, that's the process.

It takes the sun radiation, use it in the fat to turn it into vitamin D and then release it into the system quickly.

So, those are healthier cells in that area, and the others catch up.

[Attendee]   Brown spots, what are those.

[Aajonus]   Those are usually just what they're called, liver spots?

They can be the liver, gallbladder, spleen, or pancreas.

The dark glands, when the cells in the glands can no longer produce hormones anymore, they're not functional to the gland.

They're no longer secrete anything but prostaglandins, which are only for the maintenance of the cell itself.

So, the body says, well, you're not any help in the liver and I need to get rid of you because you're taking up space and energy in the liver.

So, I'll send you out through the skin where you can function as a barrier.

[Attendee]   Do they go away after.

[Aajonus]   When they die, a liver cell can live 50 years?

?

(69) Water For Athletes & Exercise
[2003],[Aajonus]

Like I said, water dissolves matter

So, then it will leach nutrients out of your body.

When you're exercising, you're producing a lot of lactic acid and a lot of waste products, water's good for that.

[Kathy]

Drink water when you exercise.

[Aajonus]

For most people that are exercising heavily, perspiring a lot, unless you've been on the diet, then you don't need to do that?

But when you're young on the diet, water is helpful.

[Attendee]

So, I always have my green juice before I exercise.

I'm wondering how to rotate my water with my exercise.

[Aajonus]

I would say during, and after, not before?

Because you will start leaching your nutrients before you start exercising, you need the water when you begin to exercise.

In my lab tests, in the carbonated water, there was always an increase in nitrogen in the intestines and oxygen in the blood.

.

(70) What To Brush Teeth With
(71) Where Toxins Come Out
[2003],[Aajonus]

That's going to happen, your body discharges poison in every way it can, through the skin mostly

So, the biggest bowel is the skin, so you're all full of shit.

Then the bowel is the next major area, the tear ducts, the ear wax, the gums, the tongue, the salivary gland, your body mostly builds toxic metals into the hair and nails, from the bones, vaginal area, anywhere there's mucus, the penis, urinary tract, wherever the body can discharge poisons, it will.

And because we are so toxic, everything, every part of us is an asshole.

[Attendees]

Laughs Somebody calls you an asshole.

You say, "I know, thank you".

.