[Wind chime noises]

A: I'm just here to talk about synthetic fibers. The reason for that is I don't know how many of you know about plastics. Plastics they tried to initiate into the household and into cars and automobiles and all kinds of transportation equipment back in the late fifties and early sixties but they had a problem because they had a mold or a fungus that would occur even after the temperature they sterilized the plastic. Plastic is made mainly from vegetable oils so they have a tendency to mold even if they've been sterilized. So they would turn moldy after anywhere from about nine months to a year. So they couldn't get anything to kill it that was natural so they got dioxins, PCBs, purposefully made the most cancerous and toxic of substances to they could use plastics in everything. When they made it into food, the polyester, all of the other synthetic materials, even that they call rayon which is from pine needles. When they make pine needles remember that it's a vegetable oil and by the time they finish the processing it is plastic. So every time you inhale a plastic fiber from anything like this, anything like that, just remember you're inhaling PCBs and dioxins. Your body has to melt that down and you've got the polymers which are the hardeners for the epoxies that are in it to keep it all together so its highly toxic. You know when I did a couple of tours in Vietnam two years ago, tours of hospitals, I found that the women in Vietnam were almost wearing 100% polyester clothes. The rate of lung cancer, and lung disease is the highest in the world because of those dioxins those plastics they're breathing. For some reason the men in Vietnam are not wearing all this plastic. Some in the cities that want to be slick but most of your men wear cotton. So you have to take a look at when you're wearing synthetic clothes all of that lint is plastic, dioxins, PCBs, it's the polymers, it's all that very very toxic stuff. It's the most carcinogenic thing we have on the planet. So you have to consider not to wear any kind of plastic clothing, any synthetic clothing.

Q: The cotton nowadays. It says 95% cotton 5% spandex. Is that good?

A: Well it's not good but its better than, you know, higher rate of anything else. So you just have to consider how much you're going to be breathing. People have it in their furniture.

Q: It's everywhere.

A: Their upholstery, their curtains, their rugs, it's everywhere. You won't find not a single thing in my home. I go and I choose all cotton upholstery, if there's anything plastic in the - and I have them make my furniture. I have it all, I use down. Everything is feather and down in my couches but I have to make them, put triple because it will flatten. So I have to put triple filling in it so I buy extra pillows you know and stuff them in there so it doesn't sink as much. But it will sink and you have to  fluff them up. You know the luxury of having your couch pop back up is you know do you want those dioxins? Because they will gas out for ten years. Nylon carpeting, same thing, it's a plastic. Nylon is plastic.

Q: Everybody's got nylon

A: No, no you can have wool. I had all wool in my house, well the landlord had plastic under and I put wool and cotton on top of it. Just this last summer ripped it all out and put slate down so now I have it nowhere in my house, even covered.

Q: You thought slate was the best?

A: Well you can use stone, slate, marble. Its just I got a beautiful slate and it wasn't as expensive as some other things. It's harder to work with and put in, you know.

Q: [Wind chime noises] unless it seals it comes right off.

A: I put coconut oil.

Q: On it?

A: Yah, coconut oil sealed it. But if you want to put a sealer on that so it doesn't come up it doesn't flake easily. Unless you're vacuuming once a week. It's not like the nylon and rayon fibers will float, you know when you've got dust from a sealer on slate or stone it doesn't dust like that. It's a heavier element. I mean if you're rolling on the floor and you have children you don't want that but if you're not doing yoga on your floor then you don't have to worry about it. But if you are then you need to put something like coconut oil down to seal it. And it will, it will stop the water from absorbing.

Q: What's our rate? You said there's a high rate of lung cancer in Thailand.

A: Right, Vietnam.

Q: Isn't that because they're not exactly wearing it but the factories that they have there?

A: Well we're talking about the cities so of course you have more pollution there. You have motorbikes all over the place throwing off lots of exhaust, lots of diesel. So there are other factors but the way on the autopsies, the lungs showed all of this plastic burned. Because we didn't have polymers and they're breaking down and they're melting tissue, because they're doing burned tissue, it leaves burn marks. They do have that in some people who smoke depending on what they're smoking. Like heroin users and opium users will have those similar burns but this has a definite plastic appearance to the tissue. And of course they're not going to blame it on anything and they're not going to advertise it in this country or anywhere because they hide information like that. It's just like they tell you in this country to stay away from fish with high mercury. Now they say the swordfish is very bad, that's my favorite and I eat lots of swordfish. And my mercury level in my body is fairly low compared to what it's supposed to be if you're eating of these so-called contaminated fish. But what they're doing, the government is doing, is hiding the fact that 99% of your mercury comes from injections from the medical profession. In one vaccine, up until five years well one year ago, each vaccine contained 76 quadrillion molecules of mercury. 76 quadrillion! You can't even count to a quadrillion in your lifetime. And they have 76 quadrillion molecules of mercury in every vaccines. Now the FDA has allowed them to call vaccines mercury free when they have 56 quadrillion molecules of mercery. So they reduced it by less than a third, or about a quarter, and they're allowing the pharmaceutical companies to call it mercury free. Mercury free means mercury free not 56 quadrillion molecules of mercury compared to 76 quadrillion. It's ridiculous. But that's the way the government works. So one injection of 76 quadrillion molecules of mercury in your lifetime is more than what you would get from eating fish every day. So what they're doing is they want to hide the fact of where all the mercury poisoning is coming from. You know in some states like new jersey children by the time they're 15 and a half they have 128 vaccines mandatory. Now they're trying to put another one for uterine cancer and they want children. Texas just made it a law. These teenage girls now will be getting injections of HPV. And it hasn't even been proved to stop uterine cancer. It's the most ridiculous thing in the world.

Q: They had this doctor and she was just belligerent in saying oh they're mercury free now and then there was one person saying hey you know we want more trials we want more tests we're not satisfied with this and they weren't interested in listening to it. It's just so sad. And nobody is saying no stop.

A: Well Merck is doing it. Merck is lobbying. And Merck is very big.

Q: So it's whoever has the money.

A: Whoever has the money, that's right.

Q: They made a big contribution to the governor.

A: Of Texas. Also they're trying to do it in Iowa, is it? And Michigan is the next two states they're pushing it for. But Merck has lobbied 28 states. And it looks like 28 states are gonna make it mandatory. But just remember, every time they tell you it's mandatory, it isn't. There's always a waiver. There are 13 states where you can't get out of it, and you just don't live in those states. And if you want to know what states those are go to Dr. Sherri Tenpenny and she has it all on her website and she's an MD who is very much against all vaccines. And she knows the laws and what states, and the outs for those states, and the states you don't have outs for.

Q: Don't you have rights? Can't you exercise your rights?

A: In those states you have no rights.

Q: But doesn't the federal government overrule the states or is it federal.

A: It's federal and state. They work together they work in harmony with it. See the federal puts their law first and then states follow.

Q: So if it's federal then it's mandatory in every state.

A: No they don't have to follow. Your states don't have to follow.

Q: So they're going along with the program then, it's a done deal?

A: I mean no if your state allows an escape whether the federal government does or not. It's just like there's, it's illegal to have raw milk according to the federal government. But different states have their own laws about it. Absolutely, your local government supposed to be stronger than the federal. But just the federal has so much money they say if you don't do this law, we're gonna cut our gift to you. And that takes hundreds of millions of dollars away from the state and they want that money. So then the states usually do what the federal government wants. So that's how that works. [Wind chime noises]

OK I'm going to start doing Q&A now. Let's start here. Do you have a question?

Q: Yes. What's the cause of scarlet fever?

A: Well did you see Gone With The Wind? She was PMS.

Q: Frankly, Scarlet I don't give a damn. [Laughter]

A: You don't like jokes? [Laughter] Scarlet fever it depends on where it is and what causes it. But scarlet fever is an infection in the lungs. Now when scarlet fever was heavy in this country they were putting formaldehyde in milk. That's what they were preserving milk with was formaldehyde. And that was causing a lot of scarlet fever. Also the first vaccines that came out and they were experimenting with on a large scale without telling the people. The big Spanish flu that was the first flu shot. The first flu shot. And everyone who got the flu shot got the Spanish flu and 9 out of 10 of them died. And of course they tell you it was the great flu that killed everybody when it was the vaccines that was killing people. That killed people. [Robert Baille] Pearson researched that and he wrote about it in a book called, about 1926 when he published it, it was called Man's Correct Diet, and he documented, he went around and he interviewed because he was from Chicago and he was part of that whole episode. And he went around interviewing all the people who had gone to allopathic and got the shots. And 1 out of 7 people died who went to allopaths and only 1 out of 30 died that went to naturopaths.

Q: Spanish flu?

A: Spanish flu.

Q: I looked up the definition in dictionary, scarlet fever is...

A: Streptococcus, yah.

Q: Acute contagious disease caused by hemolytic streptococcus.

A: Again, remember that bacteria never causes the disease. They are the janitors. So it's like saying the janitors created the mess. They don't create the mess. Like in dental decay. We hold most of the heavy metals in the brain, most of the free radicals, because the brain uses metallic minerals to conduct electricity and to reflect light in the brain and nervous system. So when you cook a food, you cauterize the minerals, you release all of them and the heavier metals become free radicals. That means they don't have anything conjoining them to prevent them from doing damage and unless they are bound like mercury. It's a neurotoxin, you release it and set it free, it will dissolve neurons. It will start taking them apart. If you want to see a CDC on that, I mean a DVD on that, you go to Alberta University, put neurons, and mercury, DVD, and you'll come up with that DVD or that film where they show neurons growing and they drop in a 2% solution of thimerosal, which they use in vaccines and eyewash and methylated mercury and you just see these neurons just disintegrating. Two percent solution. It's that deadly. So that's when minerals, even though they're metallic, and they could be strychnine or it could be mercury, it can be any of those when they're combined in foods they're conjoined, they're chelated, and they have a good benefit. But when it's fractionated from cooking, they lose those bonds and then there's nothing to regulate the activity. So mercury and strychnine, all those things that are normal in the earth minerals become dangerous in the system. So when you cook you release all of those. When the brain detoxifies it detoxifies through the gums, tongue and salivary glands mainly. So when the heavy metals like mercury and, like lead, and thiamine, when they leave the brain and go past the teeth, the body will take a lot of calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, and potassium and cake it. That's what causes plaque on your teeth. And if you don't get enough plaquing around those heavy metals it burns the dentine. Damages, literally burns the dentine cells. That is your cavity. Then the bacteria come to eat up the decayed tissue.  And the tubules in the dentine, and they're not there, they're the janitors. They were called in because of the damage the heavy metals did leaving the brain, coming out of the gums and damaging the teeth. So the streptococcus is a result of poisons going into the lungs. Scarlet fever was also big because in cities like London, Paris, New York City, Boston, all these major cities, everybody has pour ventilation, and they were burning coal, or some source in their homes, they were burning wood or coal, to cook with and to heat their homes. And they were constantly getting vapors in their homes. In the streets it was just thick like in London, it was thick. Other areas when you're near the coast, when you have the fog, it sits in their heavily. London isn't fogged in, that's a myth, I don't know where that comes from. But I've never seen fog in London. That's what they put in the movies with Jack the Ripper to make it look interesting. But when you're on the coast, yes you do have fog on those coast cities, and the smoke will get worse. There was a fog land about fifteen years ago in Wales and there's a nearby factory that was letting its smoke off. And one of it's byproducts was aluminum, formaldehyde and mercury. And it held into the fog in this farm and it killed all of the cows. This as a fog. So you can imagine what happens to humans subjected to that every day. Coal has a mercury gas. So that mercury crystallizes and gets into your lungs, it's going to do serious damage. If you do the damage, what do you have? You've got damaged tissue. What does the body usually use in the lungs? Streptococcus to clean the lungs. That's one of the major bacteria to clean the lungs. So you've got this damage there and you've got streptococcus. But then the medical profession points it's finger at the streptococcus who are the janitors. What are the janitors doing? It's like the butlers, you know? The janitors did it. Has nothing to do with the janitors.

Q: What about aspergillus?

A: Aspergillus? What about it?

Q: Is that used as well to clean up the lungs?

A: Absolutely. Any bacteria, virus, fungus, parasite is always there to clean up the toxic tissue. I proved that when I took animals who had parasites and gave the animals, some of the animals who had the parasites, dewormers. Killed the worms in their body. The animals that we fed raw food and kept them with their parasites within in a year, well about six months, they got rid of all of the signs, major signs of parasites. But when they were healthier they were younger they were more vibrant. And when we did autopsies on them three years later, they had all of this gorgeous young, like vibrant tissue, it was deep red, but vibrant at the same time. Whereas the animals who we killed the parasites in with the pharmaceutical dewormers, their organs were black. Their glands were black. Even their lungs were black. So if showed that the parasites clean up garbage quickly. A parasite can eat 120 times it's weight in 24 hours. And it's excrement is like 1 to 5 percent. So like I said before it's like you eating 100lbs in 24 hours, or 100 times your weight, so you know that'd be like eating 1500, 1600 pounds in 24 hours and having 100lbs of waste the next day. That's pretty efficient. So I'd much rather have a parasite or a bacteria feeding on this toxic tissue and reducing it to a little feces.

Q: Ten thousand pounds.

A: Ten thousand pounds, eating. Ten thousand pounds.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yah, ten times so I'm 180 so that would be... yah, 1800 pounds. And then one percent of that would be, you know, 100 pound bowel movement, you know, 180 pound bowel movement. I'll take that over having to clean up 1800lbs of waste, id rather clean up 180. And when you have no bacteria and no fungus or no parasites to do that, your body uses virus. And virus are not alive. They have no respiratory system, they have no nucleus.

Q: Why is it contagious?

A: It's not contagious.

Q: Ok Why are the kids in the school and everybody's all of the sudden got coughing and there's 9000 kids that are sick. All of em. You know what I'm saying? They say the flu.

A: Because it's seasonal.

Q: Seasonal? And how is one catching it from the other?

A: You're not catching it.

Q: You're not catching it?

A: It's seasonal. That's like saying bears are contagious. You know the bears come out of hibernation let's say in Colorado first and then they move up to Iowa, and then Dakotas, Wyoming. And then it goes into Canada and up to Alaska. That's like saying bears are contagious. Seasonal, they go in to a hibernation, they come out of hibernation. It's seasonal.

Q: So they don't catch specifically from another child.

Q: They're eliminating it.

A: Pardon?

Q: They're eliminating it.

A: They're eliminating what?

Q: The virus, whatever they have when they get sick it's just an elimination.

A: Yah it's eliminating whatever the virus has broken down.

Q: So all in the same season, have the same reaction.

A: Yes.

Q: It's not like they're catching it from one another.

A: Yah it's like saying you know a crow, I mean a rooster crows at the sun. Does the rooster cause the sun to rise?

Q: I guess. [Laughter]

A: You've got all of these roosters crowing at sunrise. So if you stopped the roosters from crowing does the sun stop? No. So you can have all the antibiotics in the world. It doesn't stop it. Take a look at the tests that came out of the UK in December. They tested 8000 people. Eight thousand people with the flu vaccine. Groups that didn't get it. And the groups that got it. And the 8000 that got the vaccine there was not, they couldn't even prove by 1 percent that that vaccine, that flu vaccine was worthwhile. There was maybe a slight bit of just under one percent less flu in the group that had the vaccine to those who didn't have it. So there's no evidence that flu vaccine works. It's marketing, it's a big game.

Q: What about all these people in the hospitals. You're saying that if you get pneumonia or if you get something and the people in the hospital is because they're so deficient in their immune system that the antibiotics are making them worse? Is it actually helping them at all to get better? If they don't go on, lets say someone has pneumonia, go in the hospital and they have antibiotics, and all that. You're saying hey so what if I have this person and I'm at home just having pneumonia and just continue to eat well will I continue to get better, and that person would be better too?

A: No, the person that doesn't have the antibiotics will get better quicker, if they're on a good diet. Take for example, I have a woman with AIDS come to me two years ago. She had pneumonia three times before she came to me within an eight week period, that's why she came to me because she was just fed up with the medical profession.

Q: So she had the antibiotics?

A: She had the antibiotics three times plus she was put on oxygen. I said Pam, the next time you've got to go through it. Don't lie down. Because when you lie down and your lungs are going into a detoxification the gravity pushes your lungs shut and you won't be able to breath and you're going to panic. You have to sit up and sleep sitting up so the gravity pushes the lungs open so there's no problem breathing. So sure enough she was on the diet two weeks and she went through pneumonia again. The first night she panicked a little bit because she did lie down so she sat up right away and she had a little bit of difficulty breathing but it was over in two days. And she didn't take oxygen once and she was out of the bed. When she came to me, she came in a wheelchair with oxygen. After she got through that pneumonia, she cleaned out enough she was off the oxygen she was out of the wheelchair. And that's what I told her, I told her you've got to get through the pneumonia without stopping, without poisoning yourself with antibiotics. And it worked just like that. I was little nervous about it because she had been through three bouts of it in eight weeks before she came to me and then two weeks so that was ten weeks altogether that she had been through it and that's a lot of antibiotics. So I was a little nervous what she might experience but it still worked. I'm using that one as an example because that was the worst case scenario. I have many people who come to me with pneumonia. And if you're on the diet and you go through pneumonia, you just go to work. It's everybody around you that panics because you're coughing and phlegm is coming up and they say �Oh, you're going to give it to me! You're gonna give it to me!� You know? And it isn't contagious. It's not alive.

Q: I'm just going to share something. My boys I never gave the shots when they were babies and we were in Colorado and my son got the whooping cough he was nine and a half months old. And my girlfriends son also got the whooping cough. We had both decided well we aren't going to give the boys the shot. I went down to Texas and I [unintelligible] brought the baby down. My girlfriend did give her son the whooping cough shot. He suffered for weeks and weeks. It took him about a year and a half to recover. He suffered for a very long time. Mine got better in like two days, four days. Just gave him water, I stopped breastfeeding him for those few days. He was fine in four days, he started nursing again. And he was perfect.

Q: I always believed never interfere with elimination.

A: Absolutely.

Q: Never try to suppress it but it was a situation. I don't know happened. Cindy got really sick and I was like it's cool, just chill you don't need a doctor, blah blah blah. She kept getting sicker and she 106F fever. And she lost 30 pounds in four days. Now I was stalling my time but she had infection in her arm, and it was spreading. So I got, after four days, and it was getting really bad so she was going to die and I didn't know what to do. So I brought her to the hospital and she went into the hospital she was in the hospital for four or five months total. It spread and she had to have all this stuff here removed and everything so I don't know if I didn't interfere with her at that time, maybe it suppressed elimination which was good.

A: No, it's just...

Q: I don't know...

A: You know a lot of fruit deteriorates the protein in the body. So if you're on a fruitarian diet or a hygienic diet you're going to break down the proteins in your body and you're much more susceptible to breaking down in these, because you can damage tissue very severely with advanced glycation end-products.

Q: Because this was moving, travelling like 90 miles per hour.

A: So if she had already damaged the tissue and there was cleaning it up. But if you're on a bad diet.

Q: What diet were you on?

Q: I think I would have fish at the time, I don't think that I was strictly eating vegan food or anything but I was also at the time doing something very bad. I was using an antiperspirant which had aluminum in it.

A: That damaged your...

Q: That's what did it. But you know that was my own ignorance. And here I am to talk about it. [Laughter].

A: I'm not saying it doesn't stop and save lives sometimes but if you're on a good diet you don't have to think about it. You know, when I was a fruitarian, I got a strep throat so bad it shut off my throat. I couldn't breath. I literally stopped breathing. So I called a doctor who was a friend of my uncle's who was studying for his doctorate at UCLA. I told him my situation with my voice like this [labored speech] like I could barely talk and I was in excruciating pain I really could not breath. And I even took a, because I was, you know I was still crawling around on the floor because I had been paralyzed from the radiation and chemotherapy. I was deteriorated all the bone around my teeth so my teeth dangled like that and if I bit down I'd lose a half a cup of blood. I'd have to eat my own blood because I was getting deficient, I was getting transfusions sometimes two a week. So I'd drink my own blood so didn't have to have so many transfusions when I'd bleed like that. So I was drinking out of these huge straws. And I was eating, you know, donuts with RC Cola blended together, you know. That's what I did back then. I didn't' know any better. So I took that straw and I put it down my throat just to keep it open and the doctor came for a house call, you know this was 1970 or 1969 and he gave me an injection of penicillin. Stopped it right like that within a few hours, but that wasn't the healthiest way to do it. Because now penicillin is one of the worst inventions we've ever had. Because penicillin is a mold just like the molds in plastic that comes back from the dead even if you sterilize it. And most of the Crohn's disease that I've seen and most of the inflammatory bowl syndrome that I've seen comes from penicillin molds that still grow in the body. The brain damage I see done is from the penicillin molds that are growing in the body. So I'm not saying it's not useful for people on a bad diet, but if you're on a good diet you don't want to use those methods.

Q: My grandmother got scarlet fever at seven and she's deaf as a result.

A: Well, you have to understand they were using mercury. You know like they put methylated mercury on?

Q: That pink stuff.

A: That's mercury, liquid mercury. It's anti everything it kills anything, especially neurons. They were coating throats with it for scarlet fever. Gets into the ears, that's it you're gone, hearing is gone, just like that.

Q: [unintelligible] from the cows

A: Oh prairie farms creamery, pasteurized dairy products, diphtheria destroyed, oh this is such bullshit. [Laughter] It's got the temperature of these bacterias that are destroyed at different temperatures. Tuberculosis has never been proven to transmit and transfer in milk, raw milk. In fact it's proved to destroy it. Even UC Davis in San Francisco proved that any time they spike the milk, the raw milk, with any bacteria, tuberculosis or anything, the lactic acids killed it just like that. In the raw milk, in the raw milk, not in the pasteurized milk because it will grow in the pasteurized milk because it breaks down the lactic acid.

Q: If you want to see this I'll pass it around, it's something I found.

A: So funny, oh my god. The propaganda that they can spread. Ok, do you have a question?

Q: [Unintelligible] Vaccines for travel abroad [unintelligible] What fundamentals from the raw food diet would you recommend that would enhance my [unintelligible; wind chime noises] and what would you recommend once I get over there can I focus on to get bang for my buck to get my hands on raw food.

A: She's going to third world countries, she's going to start travelling in May. I suggested no vaccines so she wants to know how to protect herself. First of all the vaccines don't protect you from anything, they poison your system. There are many types, they used to use formaldehyde, they used mercury, they used arsenic as remedies because they would stop detoxification. They would stop symptoms because when a body is detoxifying it has aches and pains. If you poison the body, the body is going to spend all of it's energy on getting rid of those poisons and its' going to stop the symptoms of the detoxification because the body is going to stop the detoxification. And that's how it works. So they aren't really improving your health they're making it worse because it's poisoning you. So let me give you an example. In 1986, one of my patients, Tony Plana, was the one of the major leads, the third lead in a film called Latino, it was about our US intervention in Nicaraguan government. Very, you know, democratic, everything was democratic but they didn't like the lean of it. They weren't democratic to big business. They were democratic for the people. So they didn't like that. So they were interfering with the government in Nicaragua. So that film was about it. Oscar Wexler was directing it. Tony brought a sheet to me, double sided, of all the things that you weren't supposed to do in the jungles there because they were shooting in the swamps and the jungles. And Nicaragua has more water than any other of those Central American countries. Mosquitoes, everything. So they weren't allowed to drink the water unless it was boiled. They weren't allowed to eat any fruit, any vegetables, unless they were steamed. I mean nothing was to be eaten raw at all, at all. And if you went into the swamp you were not allowed to touch your face. And you were not allowed to touch your hair and you had to wash thoroughly with chemicals, with poisons, over anything organic. And I said Tony, of course meat had to be well done, not rare, and I said Tony do the opposite of everything it says. Drink the swamp water, do everything it says not to do. So they were down there supposed to be down there two months so it was five weeks they were supposed to be down there something like eight weeks shooting . On the fourth week, everybody got sick but Tony. Tony ate the raw meat, he ate everything raw. He touched his face, he drank some of the swamp water. He was the only one who didn't get sick. Robert Beltran the main lead got so sick they shut the film down for five weeks. And if you see the film, Latino, he goes from a good well stocked man, he was also doing this diet, the three leads were on this diet. The woman who was the lead was just doing it a little bit. But the two main leads, Robert Beltran and Tony Plana, were doing the diet and so they were good and heavy. But as soon as Robert went down there, he did everything they told him to do on those sheets, and he was the sickest one on the set. He lost 50 pounds, so you see him, they had to write in there that he got sick. They had to show him being sick to account for his weight loss. So ignore that kind of stuff. When I go to a third world country where they say I need a yellow fever vaccine, and that is the only vaccine that they require in the world in this country, is the yellow fever. The way you can get away with it, you don't put down any documentation that you're going into the jungles. But if you're going into Peru, you have to have it. If you're going into Uruguay, some African countries you have to have the yellow fever vaccine. If you don't say you're going into the jungles, you just go into the major city, no vaccines required. So I went into Iquitos, when I went into Peru. No vaccine. I took a bus. No record of me going into the jungles. So that's what you do. You don't let any record come about that you're going off into one of those areas. Now if you're going with a group, it's going to be different.

Q: It's with a friend. So as you convert to raw food and...

A: Which you will have to lie on the documentation on these forms, they're going to say did you go into the jungles. No [coy voice]. Just outright lie. No.

Q: Reserve all your rights.

A: Yes, right. It's your right to lie. If they want to make you do something. On telling the truth if they're forcing you to do something that's not good for you then a lie is a defense. Justifiable defense.

Q: What's the most bang for your buck when you convert to raw food diet because [unintelligible] transformation.

A: Well, you need to stay away from fruit if you're going into the jungle.

Q: No I mean here because I'm starting.

A: Butter and meat will give you the greatest, butter, meat and honey, those will give you the best of everything.

Q: [unintelligible] converting over to organic meat one of the recommendations was do dairy, knock it all off, all organic dairy so [windchimes]

A: Well dairy's very good. I drink when I'm here before I go to Asia, I chow down on the dairy because I can't get much there in Asia. And when I get it, it's goats milk and that takes too much weight off of me because there's adrenal hormone precursors. So I don't drink goats milk. I only recommend goats milk for my clients that are very overweight and those that are diabetic. And that's it for the goat's milk. And everyone else should have cows milk. And I fatten myself up, you know I'll drink a half a gallon or more of milk a day usually almost three quarts a day before I go. And right now I'm up to 26% percent body fat. Now 26% body fat for the average individual, nobody here is that big, I was just in Florida I was standing up there and I lost about two pounds since I was in Florida last weekend. There was this guy that was this rotund that was sitting in a chair. And I said I'm 27% body fat and he says I'm 26% body fat. And I said I've been living on raw fats since 1974, my fat molecules are very tiny and concentrated. When you cook a fat, any food with fat in it it's like taking a kernel of corn and popping it. It swells 10 to 50 times it's normal size. So I'm a real fatty but I don't look it. But that's a good protective fat, my fat is concentrated. I do load myself up with dairy but you know if you want to strengthen yourself, you want meat, butter, and honey. You want to fatten yourself up, you have lots of milk on top of it. Still not, you know, just did this one just shut off [???]. What you want to do is get cheap meats, all the hunter tribes say the toughest meat makes the best muscle and the best tissue in your body. So you get the cheap cuts, the chuck, the top round the bottom round, the sirloin, all of the cheaper cuts. That's the way to cut corners and give yourself better health. The Eskimos when I lived with the Eskimos, they would take the filet mignon and throw it to the dogs. [Laughter] And I said, my god you're throwing $22 a pound meat away. And they said, you know because there it's very expensive, meat in Alaska, frightfully expensive. And they said well it builds very weak tissue. And I said well jeeze, you've got huskies pulling your sleds, you don't want them weak. And they said well they eat bones, lots of bones and that counterbalances so they can eat that very tender soft no fat meat because they eat all those bones.

[Wind chime noises]

Ok do you have a question?

Q: Iridology. Do you practice the same type of iridology that Jenson practices?

A: No.

Q: Where did you learn yours?

A: I developed mine from observation.

Q: Well how can I learn it?

A: You can't until I have a clinic open.

Q: Are you going to be doing that?

A: I'm going to be doing that once I open a clinic. There are too many nuances.

Q: Well you have to study off something as a base.

A: Well I studied Jenson, well I first got a book the first time I found out about it when I was working at Antilles, I had access, I was ordering all the books. And let me tell you I spent a week going through every book that I could order. And I found some spectacular books that there were few copies of. And I got one that was written in German in 1684 by a woman doctor named Anne something I can't remember what it was. And I had a German friend translate it for me, and it was the iridology book on iridology. And you know their methods in 1684 were pretty primitive. Their microscopes, their way of viewing everything was not detailed. When I started doing autopsies with animals and stuff and I would see the tissue changes and dissolve it, I would look at the pictures of their eyes. So I looked at the difference in the tissue structure what was occurring in that particular gland, so I could say oh that's what mercury in a gland looks like. That's what high levels of sulphur in a gland looks like. That's what high amounts of aluminum in the brain looks like. So I was able to develop that over a thirty year period. I didn't even write my book on nutrition, I didn't start writing my book until 1992/1993. I had 28 years of experience before I was arrogant enough to think that I knew anything. And I had to have positive responses on everything, 80% of the stuff that's in my books, I mean all of it had to work at least 80% of the time. But mostly 85% of the time. But it doesn't work with everybody all the time. It may work with somebody a particular remedy may work perfectly for somebody for two years and then one time it doesn't work and then after that it does again. But I only use things that work for the majority of the time. That's why even though there's no advertising with this diet, it works. People tell other people, see other people who go through their changes and they do it. I'm not an evangelist. I don't go out preaching anywhere. I go only to where I'm called. I stopped doing health food shows because I don't want to get out there and stand out there in front of a vegetarian a bunch of vegetarians about to puke or kill me. You know? [Laughter]. It's not in my best interest. And it's a waste of my time.

Q: But in all your travels over all these years has nobody taken an interest or powerful people in Hollywood to actually make your stuff known? So you know we can have another side of the coin. You know, why aren't you on TV?

A: Because it's too radical.

Q: They had him on in San Diego and he talked about bacteria. They don't want that on TV. It's the same thing they do with our government. You know, we're being fed a bunch of malarky.

A: And look they had me on FOX News.

Q: We were down here and he interviewed me at my house.

Q: I never saw it.

A: Well they showed it, they showed it for the morning. They showed it live, I did a live a 5 o'clock show I think it was. So I did the 4:30/5:00 show and it was suppose to be rerun, night program for the evening, and they cut it. Because I was talking about bacteria, I was talking about doctors a little bit, I was talking about raw meat, every subject they don't want. I was booked for Oprah six years ago, when she saw that it was raw meat she cut me right off the show. I've been cut off shows. She was para-, well you know how people are brainwashed. Raw meat is bad for you. Yet half of these people have eaten steak tartare, they've eaten sashimi. They've eaten carpaccio, or ceviche. Yet they don't put two and two together.

Q: Like Elvis on Ed Sullivan. Remember when Elvis went on Ed Sullivan? They said they'd leave that out of the song and then they just threw it right in. [Laughter] He didn't compromise. That's what you shoulda did.

A: I did, but they cut my show. That's what I'm saying they cut it.

Q: You shouldn't mention raw meat and when you get on just.

Q: That's what he did.

A: I did! With FOX News last year.

Q: They showed it then they wouldn't replay it that evening.

A: They just cut it.

Q: But what I'm saying is there's nobody in Hollywood that follows your diet that makes it...

A: Martin Sheen is on and off it.

Q: Demi Moore also?

A: Demi Moore is a vegetarian fruitarian raw fooder. That's why she's so freaking skinny and drying up.

Q: My girlfriend saw her in New York [unintelligible] because she's so thin. Because you know those Hollywood people they don't gain weight. [Laughter]

A: Mel Gibson was the only one who came out and said I eat raw meat on the David Letterman show. Nobody carried him after that, except for you know, the trash papers, the tabloids. They were always mentioning that he was eating raw meat.

Q: What's going on with him, he's not looking too good though?

A: Well he got off the diet a year ago. And started drinking again.

Q: I have my question. I'm not in love with dairy, ok? So making coconut cream for myself and eating a lot of it, and I've noticed that I was craving animal fat so I'm adding chicken to my diet now, I did add fish into my diet now, I treat to eat the meat, but not the dairy. So my question is I have been feeling much better since I started this, much. And I used to get aches tremendous and pains when I was on a vegetarian diet, well vegan, raw vegan. I don't have that anymore I just want to add that in so and I'm just wondering how quickly does the protein detox when they're eating a lot of coconut cream. I mean I'm eating a lot.

A: Too much.

Q: Would I detox too much, too quickly.

A: But you can survive that for a while, you can do that for a while. But probably in a year you're going to have a wall that's gonna hit you hard, you're just gonna start puking every time you eat it. No, so then you won't be able to eat anything if you keep doing that.

Q: So I have to cut back

A: You'll have to cut back on it at that time and you'll have to start eating some butter. And you'll probably start being able to digest dairy.

Q: I just can't stand the smell of the raw butter.

A: I don't think that you can digest it very well right now. You were a raw vegetarian too long. Just remember people who are raw vegetarians lose all their ability, they over alkalize their intestines, they lose all of their acid bacteria that digests animal products so when they start eating it sometimes they have a difficult time on this diet at first with dairy. So eat cream, that's usually better. A little bit of milk. But butter may be way too heavy for you. Because it even destroys the livers ability to make a bile that digests butter. Still will digest cream, even though cream is harder than butter, except for some vegetarians.

Q: Makes me nauseous.

A: You have a question?

Q: I guess it's kind of a background question because I'm a vegan [unintelligible] I've read the first half of one of your books, We Want To Live book, and I guess my question is, I gathered from that I kind of read the intro how you researched many diets all throughout the world and how did you kind of come to the place where you felt that I think raw food is the answer for you? You know all these diseases and ailments like what kinda put you on this path? And what led you to think outside the box.

A: Well it was in the story. You know it's in there. The man who volunteered to help me die from the hospice, he introduced me to carrot juice, and it went from there. The more raw food I introduced into my body the better I got or the less pain I had which was better to me. Then when I started eating tremendous amounts of dairy, milk and cheeses, lots of raw cottage cheeses that I made myself, I started getting better. All the bone around my teeth grew in like seven months, I replaced all the bone in my gums in seven months. You know that was phenomenal, spectacular. Because they wanted to pull all my teeth for the last three months I was going to live and I said, you want to me suffer extractions for the last three months of my life? Are you completely stupid? Yes, doctors are completely stupid. I'm sorry but they are. And they're trained to be stupid, it isn't that they're really came out that way. [Laughter] They're trained to be stupid.

Do you have a question?

Q: Just a quick one. Felicia, when she eats the chicken should she have lubrication formula after that?

A: It's always a good idea, she'll put on more weight if she does.

Q: Ok and when you take a cruise do you take your own food? What do you recommend for a seven day cruise or something? Have you known people to, can you bring your food on the ship or not?

A: I've done it and I've had clients who've done it. It's a matter of going to the chef and telling them that you have a specific diet and it's very important for your health. And they'll give you a little section of the refrigerator and you'll get permission. They'll give you permission. They'll introduce you...

Q: Will they prepare it for you?

A: No you just go in and you get it yourself. Even when I was...

Q: Did you go on one?

A: I did a commercial for Club Med so I was in the Bahamas at Nassua, that one. I had all my own food and they gave me a specific part in the cooler. I went in and got it when I got it. They did prepare me raw lamb and lots of stuff. I had a French chef at the Club Med. And I've gone to other Club Meds because you know I was one of their actors in their commercials. So I went to several of them and even on Guadalupe, that island, they took care of me all the time. I had a section in the refrigerator, I went and got my own food and they always prepared what I wanted. If I wanted a raw steak they prepared a raw steak. If I wanted raw lambchops they gave me raw lambchops.

Q: Isn't everything frozen on the ship though?

A: Well on the ships everything is frozen but it's still better than nothing.

Q: You can't eat, you won't eat frozen meat?

A: If I have to that's, I've eaten frozen meat because that's all I had the choice of at times. And I eat my butter with it for sure. Some honey.

Q: What would you ask them to prepare? They'd just put a lambchop on a plate?

A: Well they usually like to decorate so they may put, I say give me some chopped onion.

[Pause in recording]

A: I'm serious. I stand once a week to lecture, I carry my groceries once a week, that's my exercise. Otherwise, like Carey Grant, remember his exercise? This is all he would ever do and that's what I do on my computer. When you're healthy you don't have to exercise. Of course I'm not against exercise. I have no activity rings which means I secrete and produce hormones at very low levels for physical activity. For people who produce a lot of physical activity hormones they have to exercise. If they don't they'll go into anxiety. So it's like if you have anxiety, probably it's because you're not doing enough activity. So I tell people when you wake up in the morning you look at two doors, one is anxiety, one is activity. Which one do you want to spend your time in? Which room? Anxiety or activity? And that's the way it is and some people have a lot of activity lines, rings in their eyes. I have none.

Q: What if you have a lot of activity rings in your eyes and all that you want to do is sleep now that you're on the diet?

A: Well you need to sleep but if you get anxious you need to exercise.

Q: Does he look anxious? [Laughter]

A: No not yet. He's healing. He's in a state of healing so he won't have a lot of activity. His bodies won't use the hormones for activity, it'll use them to clean up and heal the body. Then when he gets well enough then it'll start producing a lot of physical activity for him.

Q: You said you used to sleep for 20 hours a day? For how long?

A: Probably six years after the chemo and radiation.

Q: But if you'd never had chemo and radiation would you need to sleep that long?

A: No. Probably anywhere from 8 to 10 hours a day. I mean some people have chronic fatigue and chemical sensitivity may need to sleep 14 hours a day. Ten to fourteen depending on the individual.

Q: [unintelligible] when you're in the sleep world.

A: Yah it's like a lot of my chemically sensitive people who were poisoned as infants, I've traveled with them and they're in a very deteriorated state. Then if I get them fat, they sleep for about a year. Then they turn into different people. Because they have the fat to absorb all the poisons so it stops damaging their tissue. As long as those poisons keep damaging their live cells they stay weak, they stay exhausted. But when it has the fat to go into there's no problem.

Q: The chemically sensitive people, does it go away?

A: They get better. I used to be terribly sensitive. I couldn't go into a movie theater or anything. I still don't like to go into a movie theater because they get worse, you know most of your perfumes have formaldehyde in it. They're putting that on their skin and breathing it. So if I go to a movie theater, I've got a big screen, you know I've got a screen that pulls down at home and I have cable so I get movies. So I don't go to the theaters anymore.

Q: But you fly, you're right next to people if they have perfume or whatever. How do you deal with that?

A: If some individuals are really bad I ask to change. Absolutely. If someone is reading a newspaper I say be very careful with that and move it slowly. So you know I've been very lucky. I only had to move a couple times. I think being on an isolated plane, most people use less. But in movie theaters, they go on dates, everybody wants to stink for a mile. You know, so what I do. Sometimes men's cologne is worse than women's. So I go to a movie theater and if I go to a movie theater it's always planned, I've got a good rotten piece of chicken that I take with me. [Laughter] And I'll sit right in the center and if I smell anyone's perfume or cologne I pull it out and I start eating it. And it stinks so badly, people are saying, and they turn around and look at me I'm smiling eating this leg of chicken that stinks. I cleared out two rows in front two rows in back. So these rows don't go forward or back, they go to the sides, because they think they'll catch a disease. It's the most ridiculous thing in the world. They say to me why do you bring that in there? They did, they brought the usher down. And I said if you stop them from putting their perfume on and stenches on, I won't bring my high meat.

Q: [unintelligible] high meat, it's still in the jar. We haven't aired it out.

A: Well air it out because it's not going to grow much.

Q: So you need to air it out so the bacteria grows.

Q: You can eat that right?

A: Yah, absolutely.

Q: I told you, he didn't want to.

A: OK we lost the seating, do you have a question? Ok, Barbara.

Q: I just want to ask again because there's people, and I'm not clear enough on it to blame them, do you know how many children die in the third world countries from mosquito bites and all that stuff. I mean, and they're dying. If they're brought up in their country and they have all these, and they're amongst all these diseases all the time and all these microbes, why are they dying from mosquito bites?

A: They're not dying from mosquito bites. That's what they're being told. Think about it. It's the female mosquito, she puts her proboscis in there, she bites all the cells. The amount of saliva she deposits is minor. And she sucks the blood up. She creates a pool of blood and sucks it up. In the blood secretions that I've drawn in mosquito bites, I couldn't find anything. Not one trace of saliva. Not one filaria, which they say comes from mosquito bites. You know causing elephantitis. And not one in there so you have to understand that these people are lying for a reason. What are they hiding? They hide a lot of poisoning of these tribes to get rid of them. All these children are dying of this disease, they came from mosquitoes or some frog, or some, you remember the swine flu. It came from the pigs. Now it's the avian flu, it came from the birds. You know they're always blaming it on something in nature when it has nothing to do with those creatures at all.

Q: What about malaria?

A: Malaria is the same thing. OK, malaria is eating a lot of high carbohydrates foods and going into a jungle environment. Remember high carbohydrate foods feeds insects. I don't eat fruit when I go into the jungles. I don't get near anything sweet. If I eat just a little section, when I go through the jungles in Thailand, or Burma or Myanmar now, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, even when I went down in the Mei Kong River through Vietnam. All those. I never get bitten. Because I don't eat fruit. One time I ate a section of watermelon this big. I got bitten five times that night. You have to understand that these people eat a tremendous amount of high carbohydrate foods. I'm with these people who grow up in this land this territory, they get bitten and I don't. Why? Because they eat all this high carbohydrate food. They eat all of this rice. They eat this sweet fruit. And it just feeds because of the female she doesn't eats that blood, she goes back to the little puddle where her little tadpoles are, her little eggs are, and she vomits the blood. And that feeds her offspring. That's what they need the blood for. She doesn't use it for herself. The little bitty male mosquito is one tenth the size of the female. He has a very small proboscis, nose, and he pollinates those little little tiny flowers. So does the female, that are too small for the bee to pollinate. So that is the role of mosquitoes is to pollinate those tiny tiny little flowers. But she needs blood to feed her offspring. Most of these children who are dying and they're saying they're dying of mosquito bites. You give, U, F, E, CEF, what is it? UNICEF. You know where they get the food to feed these children, these people with their care packages? They go to General Foods, General Mills, get the worst garbage food in the world, they get powdered milk, and they mix it with water. The most diseases that were created are created from powdered milk according to the Pottenger tests. The worst most chronic diseases were created with powdered milk.

Q: Why?

A: Why what?

Q: Why any worse than any other food?

A: I don't know. Maybe it's so over processed, I don't know. But it did. It created the worst diseases. So you feed these children these very bad foods, they're not going to say they died from malnourishment because you've been giving your aid, government has been giving aid and you know paying these cereal companies and these dairy companies exorbitant amounts of money for you to help feed these poor people. And they're poisoning these people with the worst foods that they could give them.

Q: They say that malaria is the most contractable...

A: They say it's contractable, we don't know it's contractable.

Q: Right, but theres so much of it. So many people get it from wherever.

A: How many people cases of malaria do you know where people died?

Q: Well, they say it's millions that die every year.

A: That's a lie.

Q: I'm just reading it here now...

A: Just think about it. One, you came in, one Briton died, came in two years ago in Thailand, from malaria. One person. He took all the malaria medicine and still got malaria and died. You have to understand that, you have to not believe what you're being told. It is absolute garbage and lies. You have to forget all of that. Forget all of that information. And whenever anybody says that you say, how many people do you know that died of malaria? Because let me tell you, that one who died from the UK, that was on the news forever. Why did they pick one person, that was, he wasn't even a well known. He was just a student, a guy. Why did they plug that one. Because it builds their story that malaria is this deadly thing. Now why if he took the malaria medicine did he die of malaria? So you have to really take a look at it and say this whole information is bad.

Q: So then what is malaria?

A: Well you have a, just like you have polio myelitis, everybody in this room has polio myelitis. You have the polio myelitis bacteria and there's also a virus that is similar in it's reaction in your spinal cord. Everyone one of you has it. Is it active or not? What makes it active? Damaged tissue in the spinal cord. If you have damaged decayed tissue in your spinal cord your polio myelitis will be active. It's that simple, it's all part of your body anyway. It's all part of the cleansing process.

Q: [Unintelligible]

A: It's internal, absolutely.

Q: [Unintelligible]

A: They're indecisive. They'll choose any creature. You know it was easy to choose little insects because we had no microscopes. Now that we have microscopes if people would just say hey lets prove this. Let's see, let me see the proof. But guess who's funding all the research? The pharmaceutical companies. Do you think the university will let you do work that will disprove it? Absolutely not. You'll never get near it. It's just like those eight full professors from Sweden, five years ago, six years ago when they did all of the research on acrylamides, and what foods had high acrylamides, and showed that when you look at cancer cells, tumors, almost 60% of the constituent of a tumor was acrylamides. So they realized getting rid of acrylamides was going to reduce cancer by 60%. So they called, when their research was over after about eight years, these were all brilliant professors, brilliant men who know how to, who knew what the evaluations were, what was required to do the research right. They had a news conference and said we need to get rid of cereals, we need to get rid of donuts, we need to get rid of all chips, and we need to get rid of French fries. You know what happened? They're all working in high schools. They were demoted. Because they attacked a $200 Billion industry worldwide. Two hundred billion dollars a year industry. So, weren't allowed to do that. That's what happens when you come out with the truth that's against the whole industrial machine. They're not out to protect you. They're not to protect the environment. They're out to make money. That is it. They'll make gestures, like they're, like Merck. Merck gets on these public broadcasting, Merck the company that cares. Yet when you look at their manual, procedure manual for MDs that they've written, it's this thick and it doesn't say anything about anything natural treatment. It's always drugs. Drugs, drugs, drugs. Merck is not a nice guy. It wants to appear as a nice guy but it's not a nice guy. You agree with that, Amber? [Laughter]

Q: I've been doing this three months today and I'm still extremely ill at the end of the day. Even now, I mean, you gave me things to eat every half hour because my stomach doesn't feel good. I was good while I was here... I've been here a half hour, and I'm so sick I'm just shaking and my mouth tastes like metal. I'm sick

A: Tastes like metal, you see what that tells you?

Q: Yah I know but my problem is I need to be able to slow it up some. I cannot take care of my children right. I mean I'm to the point I'm not enjoying any bit of anything I do at any time of the day. My kids are on me, I can't read to them... So how can I safely, because over Christmas that [unintelligible] stuff and I did it over an extended period of time, a couple times a week, and then I'd go and get back on it and after a week I was feeling real bad again and I'd have days where I'm starting to build I could easily justify it because I feel much worse, now it's been two weeks today I haven't had except exactly what's on there and I can't eat the amounts your giving me still.

A: Right.

Q: And I feel so horrid I would do almost anything to get back out of this.

A: Well like I said you know it depends what you want.

Q: As soon as I, I know that, as soon as I drink that first egg in the morning my day just takes a dive. I ache so bad in my legs right now and my hands. I'm gonna throw up, just horrible.

A: Well you have to choose what kind of life you want. I would do it if I were you. I would start eating a little cooked foods.

Q: What's the safest way, you know I'm pureeing everything because of my Crohn's. I could blend a little cooked chicken.

A: Well you realized that grains are one of the worst things you can eat with Crohn's. Ok? Potatoes are also very bad for Crohn's. Those carbohydrates are bad. You could eat some cooked chicken. I don't suggest you eat cooked fish because of the high mercury they can set free and then it is a poisons. So cooked chicken, any cooked bird chicken turkey anything like that. That's what I would do.

Q: It would set me back. So right now [unintelligible] if I go another month, ok I can suffer through that.

A: If you're tasting metal...

Q: I taste it now, it's in my mouth. And usually anytime I eat because I eat every half hour it did it. The longer I wait without eating the better I get, even during one day. You know it doesn't matter if it's cheese. I never want to eat, anything I eat it doesn't taste good. It hurts my, I mean my stomach hurts just having it in there. So I don't want to do it, you know. I don't want to mess up...

A: You realize how much metals is in your stomach and in your system. That's how your intestine got that way.

Q: It's ok, how can I get through a day? My husband travels about 90% of the time. Between preschool and school, I'm having trouble just functioning.

A: I would say you just have to learn your own seesaw balance with it. You know, you do what you can do.

Q: I can just add a little.

A: Absolutely.

Q: So I have a 20 minute period then I'm supposed to go pick up my four year old or something, instead of trying to go for a walk or something, I should be trying to sleep?

A: Absolutely.

Q: Is that what you're telling me, I should be trying to sleep.

A: You're busy enough with your children. You wouldn't have to worry about exercise.

Q: Well I worry that I have ten activity rings so...

A: Ten?

Q: Yah and I was super anxious all the time. I mean I worry every second, I tell people, I'll call Barbara and I'll say I'm so sick I was so sick I can't go out walking, I'm not doing the diet right. I know my heads spinning constantly. And I do the nut formula but again it's so hard on my stomach. I mean I don't want to eat anything.

A: What nuts are you using?

Q: Pecans right now.

A: Pecans are heavier and more difficult to digest. Try walnuts. Also to slow your thyroid production you could use pine nuts.

Q: Alone or mixed?

A: As the nut formula.

Q: What's the pine nuts for?

A: Thyroid production.

Q: I don't have the patience for medication...

A: Yah, no, she's 10 activity rings.

Q: [multiple voices] oh no I do the hot baths [multiple voices] every three or four days I do the hot baths, which is where you're supposed to drink. But I have a jacuzzi and a sauna. I do something that's hot every day because my legs are achy. Especially this left one you said the knee down, it hurts so bad it gets to where I can't stand it. So I now have four hot water bottles, I started two more...

A: Does this work for you?

Q: Yah but I can't...

A: ... stay that way, you have to be mobile. Well you're between a rock and a hard place.

Q: I know. Well fix that! [Laughter] That's what I need help on.

A: I'll get a wrench and a screwdriver and I'll take you apart.

Q: I don't get to the meat, or I will blend up the chicken and meat and have the honey butter with it. But I'll never get to making the kefir because I'll...

A: Are you drinking cabbage juice?

Q: Yah, morning and night. Forty percent, cabbage, celery and parsley. I don't get the amounts down. You know, eight to sixteen ounces at night, and I get about sixteen ounces in the morning.

A: I just want to make sure you're having those...

Q: But I don't always get the kefir down every day and I don't always get that meat meal down. I just can't, by the end of the day I'm worse as the day goes on. And then I'm too sick or I just can't get up to make it. I'm also doing three, four, five meals for the kids. You know what I mean? [unintelligible] So I'm gonna try to get as much sleep in.

A: Absolutely, get as much sleep as you can. Singing. When you sing, fifteen minutes of singing is worth an hour on the treadmill for whatever reason. I don't know why but it is that hard so you know, sing. Help you get rid of some of that energy. Even if you don't have a good voice and everybody hates you for it. Put earplugs on everybody or something. [Laughter]. But you have to take care of yourself the best way you can.

Q: Well that's what, yah, I tried different things and stuff because I keep saying to myself. I've got to go for a walk. I've got to eat every half hour. I gotta get my eggs down. I'm trying to do 18 eggs.

A: Just so you don't lose weight.

Q: Right well I did, I dropped a lot and I got scared and I started eating cooked foods and now I'm back, I'm back down, I'm down like ten pounds. But I still have extra weight on me so...

A: But if I were you I would go on and off. Fluctuate whatever is comfortable for you.

Q: So try like a little cooked chicken, rest for the next couple days and then if I'm getting real heavy again.

A: Then eat some cooked chicken again.

Q: Because I don't want to stop it.

A: Right, you just want to slow it.

Q: And what about the metal I taste in my mouth. There's nothing I could put in there? Clay, isn't that supposed to help.

A: Cheese, well clay and cheese. Just the problem with the clay is that it will, it sticks onto the intestinal walls if you have sores opening. When you have Crohn's disease it means that the intestinal walls become so thin that lesions break and food passes into the gut undigested and goes to the knees and hip joints and eventually to the shoulder joints. And it causes swelling. I got a thirteen year old lives by, thirteen and a half, her knees were this big from it. On the diet in six months it was all gone. You know she was normal. After a year she went back to eating garbage food, two years later she's back with the Crohn's again. Just don't go to an extreme.  Don't eat all cooked foods only. Just do what can help you maintain.

Q: So no clay for somebody who's got Crohn's?

A: Yah, it's tricky...

Q: Well I put it on my gums because my gums, because my teeth are hurting. So I've been doing it in my mouth and I know I swallow some of that during the night.

A: Well you know good to have cheese in your stomach. A lot of cheese, and if you don't like the cheese then what you'll have to do is make, take some clay and get it very wet and let it be wet for like four or five days and get it really thin. And take it that way, and that way it's less likely to stick to your intestines.

Q: And it will help get the metal?

A: Yah it will help attract and hold onto the metals so they're leaving your body not just recycling them.

Q: Because sometimes I'll just sit and I'll just have a cup and I just have to keep spitting it because I don't want to swallow it...

A: That's what you should do.

Q: And this should last how long? How long should this last?

A: I'm not God.

Q: How long can it last, if I've been this heavy this long?

A: Well, I saw Owanza go through this kind of thing for about seven and half years.

Q: [Incredulous laughter] I'll be calling you.

A: That's the worst case I've seen. But she had 63 tumors in her body. You're not that kind of sick.

Q: I find if I focus on the negative all the time it amplifies and then it happens even more. [unintelligible]

A: That's very difficult for that approach. What I said in my book is fill your time with funny stuff. Like when I was so sick, all I wanted to do was die. And that didn't help me get better. I certainly wasn't able to enjoy a day when all I could think about was how I could kill myself that day. And I mean I would spend six to ten hours a day planning my death, never having the balls to do it. Never having the energy to do it. So what I decided to do instead was I started reading comedy novels, watching comedy shows, started to write. I got books on standup comedy, writing your own comedy. So I started looking at my life in the absurd. So I start making fun of myself and laughing at myself. So it really got a lot easier I mean it really took my mind off it. You have children, so it's gonna be more difficult to do because they take up all of your time. So maybe you'll be able to create a game of their behavior and your behavior with them, you know, just to make things funny. And that's work. It's work to be funny when you don't feel well.

Q: When I get, like I was kinda OK for a little while. Like the last half hour or so, now I'm really bad again because it's been sitting in my stomach for a while. And so like even if my kids were here, there is nothing that could distract me that keeps my mind on how sick I am. I feel so totally sick right now I almost feel like I could pass out. I'm so ill, it's like I'm...

A: It's overwhelming.

Q: Even if I'm busy with the kids it doesn't, you know what I mean? I cannot distract myself. An hour ago I could have done it, but I can't right now.

A: You'll have to do as much as you can.

Q: And I'm ok slowing down the food then, not eating every half hour?

A: If you need to function, you have to do what you have to do.

Do you have a question?

Q: What's the best diet for athletes?

A: Depends upon the athlete. Depends upon the athlete. What kind of athletics are you considering, for you or for?

Q: [Unintelligible]

A: Well they're different activities so if you're doing, you know, yoga, and it's slower and not, I don't know, usually high intensity yoga?

Q: Sometimes.

A: When you do that, more read meat will create more physiological hormones where you will have to use more energy. If you're going surfing, anything like that, it's a higher energy. If you're doing meditation, you're doing slow yoga, you want less red meat.

Q: More chicken?

A: Yah, chicken and fish.

Q: [Unintelligible]

A: If you get too energetic when you have the red meat, then you can always eat white meat with your meal. [Unintelligible] Yah, that's right if you've got too much energy then you should eat mainly white meat. Now remember the white meat is a misnomer because, you know, the ostrich fits in the white meat category but it's not white meat it's as dark as liver. You know, so it's a misnomer. Any poultry any seafood any fish that all fits, rabbit if you can get it, not fed on alfalfa pellets. That fits into the white meat category. So white meat don't really look at it as exact term. It's just a category with a bad name. [Laughter] Misnomer.

OK, these are our hosts. Thank them. [Clapping] Lisa and Mike.

Ok, do you have a question, Lisa?

Q: I do but I forgot it.

A: I'll come back to you. Do you have a question?

Q: I want to know, how do you know if you're in a healing crisis whether it's just a cold?

A: Well, healing crisis always involves fever. A fever, if you're going through a detox. You can detox for two years doing the same thing and you may never go into a healing crisis.  A healing crisis, is an event at the end of a long detoxification that could have been going on for, I've seen some detoxifications go on for two and a half years. All of the sudden the body says, OK, we're finished for now. We're not going to detox this area of the body anymore, that specific tissue for that part of the body anymore, we're going to stop it. So the fever, as soon as you go up above 100 degrees, no parasites, no bacteria, no molds, can regenerate. They stop procreation at that point. And if your fever lasts for about 48 hours, you've lost probably about 90% of the colonies. Because they have to keep procreating to keep going, and after that 48 hours of a fever, you've destroyed them. Also when you have a fever, cells divide easily. And that's the healing crisis. And you start creating new cells rapidly. So a fever is always your indication of a healing crisis. A lot of people mistake a healing crisis as the end of a long detoxification. Where they're just vomiting and coughing mucus up. If there's no fever involved, there's no healing crisis. It's just dumping the poisons that are then going on from a long detoxification. Fever is the best thing you can have for healing and regenerating. Once you get to a fever and, you know, you're usually fatigued for a period of time after that. That's because your body needs sleep to divide cells. Ninety percent of cellular regeneration happens in the sleep state. So that's why people go into a lot of lethargy to sleep even for maybe four, five days, or a couple of weeks, depending on how ill they've been. Once that healing crisis is over, then all of the sudden you have energy, your life is completely different as long as you don't stop the fever. You stop that fever and you wiped out your healing crisis.

Q: Would you rather use lime?

A: No you just let it run it's course. Let me tell you, trust your body. It will know.

Q: What about a bath? You know, a bath is an artificial....

A: You're only doing it for maximum of an hour and a half. So you're reducing the colonies of bacteria, you're forcing a reduction, but that's for an hour and a half. Let's say you reduced it by ten, fifteen percent by having that fever.

Q: What about, say, six hours?

A: Six hours you're probably reducing it by a fourth.

Q: So you're not doing too much harm?

A: You're not doing any harm at all because you'll be helping the body throw the poisons that have gotten from the lymph system. The lymph system has to dissolve them and neutralize them, put them in the connective tissue to be perspired out the pores. So that heat helps the body remove them with very little effort.

Alright, do you have a question?

Q: [Unintelligible] What's the difference between the fat in the body of someone who's fat from cooked food and fat from raw food?

A: The size of it.

Q: Well the kind of fat.

A: I know, doesn't matter. Those fats still work. I always tell the story, I think I even told it here, didn't I today? No I guess I didn't. I told it before many times. I told it earlier to somebody one of my patients this morning. I had a man come to me who had very thick skin and he looked like he'd been a drug addict and an alcoholic for at least 25 years. When I took his eyes, his irises, and read them - you know his body was 55, 56 years old I don't recall - he had been through a lot, and you could see it in his skin but inside he was like a 30 year old man, pretty clean, and he was only like 15, 20 pounds overweight. And I said to him it doesn't make any sense I can see you've been a drug addict and an alcoholic for at least 25 years, he said yah 30 years. And I said it doesn't make any sense because your insides, your glands and your organs are relatively clean for what you've done to yourself. Your skin didn't escape it but your internal body did. And I said, you know, you're only minorly overweight, and he said well before I went on your diet four months ago I was 300 pounds. And he had been 300 pounds on donuts and garbage, you know, while he used drugs and was in a motorcycle gang for almost 30 years. So even that fat protected him. It isn't a fat that is easy to carry, it can be exhausting when the heat gets high, and high blood pressure, and all kinds of other things. And if you're fat you better have high blood pressure because you've got fat pushing on your veins and arteries, you've better have high blood pressure to make sure they're expanded. And you better have high cholesterol levels because you need to be cleaning it out all the time to move some of that stuff. So the difference between the ideal fats to have in the body and the cooked fats are, if you have a lot of fats from the cooked fats you'll be big. I'm fat but you can't tell I'm fat, 26 percent body fat. You're probably 12 percent, 13. I'm double what you are but I don't look it, do I. That's because all the fat I eat is small. Very small molecules. So I can be lighter. I can move, have more flexibility, I'm lighter. I get in the heat and it doesn't bother me. A person who is huge and overweight doesn't have an easy time with the heat. Ok? Cholesterol levels very very important. Just remember that half the cholesterol, when you're on this diet, half the cholesterol in your blood is LDL leaving the body.

Q: HDL and LDL, where do it come from?

A: Well you have to understand the way they're manipulating it, it's not good. Because the pharmaceutical house says if you have high cholesterol of any sort we want you to take a medication to lower your cholesterol level. No matter if you have low LDL, or high HDL. High HDL is supposed to be the good fats. Everybody is going to have half good and half bad because you're dumping fats that have already done their job and are on their way out. You're supposed to, it shouldn't even be considered. Why consider them? So the pharmaceutical industry can say hey take this pill. You're not in what we consider a good measurement, take this pill. It has nothing to do with reality.

Q: So HDL is the good cholesterol and LDL is the bad cholesterol.

A: No, LDL is just a waste product. It's leaving your body.

Q: And HDL?

A: Is fat that you can use for your digestion, and it's workable. No it's not bad. It's just a waste product, it's on it's way out. Now see if you had a healthy body, all of those fats, the LDL would be leaving through the lymphatic system. But because we're so toxic, the blood has taken up some of the lymphatic systems job.

Q: So your cholesterol today would be what?

A: Probably, altogether, probably 297, right around there, 250, 297. That's where my cholesterol level stays. I have a champion athlete, basketball player, 650. In the hall of fame, he's a mad man, he's great, as long as his cholesterol level is high. I also had an Olympic gymnast. She had to stay at 357. If she didn't she was too weak.

Q: What about triglycerides, good and bad?

A: Garbage, another garbage information. They don't even know what the fats do and for them to tell you triglycerides are good and bad is absolute nonsense. Again it's the pharmaceutical house's way to get you to go to a doctor and take medication.

Q: Triglycerides, obesity, blood pressure, and cancer.

A: Ok what happened when the test came out in the UK two months ago. They checked 45,000 people with high blood pressure. Those that took medication lowered it to between 110 and 120, had all the heart attacks. People who didn't take the blood pressure medicine and kept the high blood pressure 160 to 170, no heart attacks. Shot em right out of water. Did that test, it lasted a day in the news and it was gone, because there's no money in it. It just shot down trillions of dollars for people who were taking high blood pressure medicine.

Q: High blood pressure is not a threat?

A: Oh that's what they say it is. They say you're likely to have strokes and you're likely to have a heart attack from high blood pressure and they proved just the opposite in these UK tests.

Q: Is there a website or can you find the article?

A: Well, if you put in UK, high blood pressure, probably put 45,000 number, that number in, put all the things that might go along in that article and you'll probably come up with it.

Q: For coronary heart disease, they say it's from cholesterol and high blood pressure.

A: It's related to plaquing. I would say half of the heart attacks, appear because there is some malformation of the heart or there's congestion in your arteries. That doesn't come from cholesterol. You have to look at what causes plaque in the body. The body takes poisons just like plaque on your teeth. That doesn't come from cholesterol. That comes from minerals, high calcium, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium binding with heavy metals. It plaques onto the arterial walls which are too dry. If they were slick with fats there would be no sticking. There would be no sticking.

Q: What about trans fatty acids?

A: Trans fatty acids cause other problems because of melting and deterioration of the body. They create acids.

Q: But not in the arteries?

A: No.

Q: Not in the arteries at all?

A: In fact, triglycerides will help clean out plaque.

Q: How do you get triglycerides from trans fatty acids?

A: I mean the trans fatty acids will actually be turned into solvents to deteriorate plaque but it will take, it's just like chelation therapy. It takes lots of your minerals with those back. You can easily tear inside. You can easily hemorrhage anywhere. So you have to be very careful with like, you know chelation therapy. Let your cheese be the chelator. Your clay be a chelator. Don't be chelating with these chemicals that they're selling. They're dangerous.

Q: What was it that they...

A: Hydrogen peroxide was one of them.

Q: So people who have naturally low cholesterol and naturally low blood pressure, naturally so that did not come from the medication, are they at health risk because they naturally have low blood pressure?

A: Not necessarily, depends upon the diet. Because they could still have plaquing galore.

Do you have a question?

Q: [Unintelligible]

A: Well you have cold molds. Cold molds live in rock. That's why they usually have cheese caves because that's producing a certain kind of mold at that temperature. You also have molds that come about after the rain in higher temperatures. There are molds for all, just like there bacteria, except up to 100 degrees then they start to become destroyed. But you have bacteria, parasites, that survive different tempreatures and do better with different temperatures, different humidity.

Q: [unintelligible] heavy metals in there?

A: Well it could be two things. It could be two things. Your [unintelligible 1:56:35] gets very toxic at certain temperatures and it destroys all the molds. The molds that you need to help you get rid of the toxicity may be not active, or they may be overactive. If you have yellowish skin, following that period of time, or you're anxious, that means those molds are very active and overactive. If you don't have yellow skin, if you have pink skin or white skin, that's a sign that the molds are not active.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well you could have very poor circulation. A lot of people who have been vegetarians have vegetable oils built into their cells. Remember vegetable oils solidify at body temperature, human body temperature. It takes an herbivore which has a body temperature of 101 to 105 degrees to keep that fat liquid. So it's like putting olive oil in a refrigerator even at human body temperature. It is too cold for vegetable oils. So people who have been long term vegetarians, their cells are built from vegetable oils that will solidify at 98.6 and lower. So in your body, when the temperature of your body drops, you become solidified. Your lymph system doesn't move, your blood doesn't circulate as well, and then you get cold.

Q: When I went to Hawaii and the tropics I had [unintelligible]

A: There you were dumping. You were dumping all of those, you were melting them, and then moving them out of the body.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It's per the individual. I would go with as warm as you can take it. Warm is always the best. You know, they say for multiple sclerosis don't go in the heat because it will cause more nerve degeneration. Well if you have the right diet. I send my patients who are MS into a tropical environment. I have one woman from Canada that she had to fly down to see me. I told her just send me $6000 I'll go see you in Canada, it cost her $6000 to fly down here because she had to buy four first class seats that had to be removed, and they had to bolt her gurney down in first class. It cost her over $6000 for her to come down to Malibu to see me because she's not only there she had to take a life squad vehicle from the airport to my home in Malibu. You know that's a long trip. So, you know, I send her to the tropics. She's now functioning on her own. This is seven years later. She lives in Southern Mexico, and she's in a tropical environment. And she's functioning now. You could get this close to her and you could wake her up because she was scream, getting that close to her. This was a woman who was asleep that close. She would wake up like she were touched. That's how sensitive you can be when you have MS. And that's how bad she was. And now you can touch her, she walks, you know, she's not bedridden all the time. She used to have servants. She used to take all her servants with her. Used to, now she just has one housekeeper.

Q: Where does she live in Mexico?

A: I can't say.

Q: Oh, I'm sorry. But I'm saying...

A: If I give too much information someone could, you know...

Q: But the warm...

Q: You're saying the warm helped her body.

A: Just remember your body regenerates better at higher temperatures. Just like when you're in a fever, you reproduce cells better. So you heal better.

Q: So shes on the diet and she's warm, that's helping her? Does she still have the MS or is she recovering and regenerating?

A: She's recovering and regenerating. Just probably another couple years and she'll be all through it. And let me tell you, getting that, this woman was skin and bones, looked like she just come out of Auschwitz. Now finally, it's taken all these years for her to put on weight and now she's probably, she went from a size 2. This woman who is 5'6'' she went from a size 2 to a size 12. She did it.

Q: A lot to love.

A: Yes, a lot to love, absolutely. [Laughter]

Ok what time is it?

Q: Time to eat.

A: Is it 5 o'clock?

Q: Five 'til.

A: Five 'til five. Well we got through it, we did it.

Q: Thank you so much. [Clapping]

A: You're welcome.

[Chatter]

[End]

===

QA_SD_2007_02_18