(1) Chelation
[2004],[Aajonus]

Okay, DMPS, DPS all of them are chelation's

They're actual mineral toxicity, they're chemicals solvents that are used to magnetically pull-out heavy metals out of the glands and organs and veins, arteries, so that people can function better.

But what it does is it does, in most of the people I've seen about 90 to 95% of the people I've seen that hda have chelation therapy or liquid minerals or colloidal silver high, mineral supplements to do such a thing.

Their skin, their connective tissue, their lymph, and their bones and cartilage are all metal contaminated because they don't give a fat substance that is natural that once those chelation's went down with those heavy metals, there's no way to get them out of the body.

They've gotten them out of the glands, the veins and the arteries, but they have not got them out of the body.

So, they store in the lymph, connective tissues, skin, bone and cartilage.

Contaminates everybody that I've ever seen that's had chelation therapy, liquid minerals, colloidal silver.

.

(2) Chemo
[Aajonus]   Reduce his chances of reversing cancer completely

Before I came here, I went to the memorial for one of the executives in Scientology who's on the diet.

She came to me after chemo, and i think she'd had surgery too.

Wonderful high-powered women.

I mean, you know, talked about mind over matter, if anybody had mind over matter, this woman could do it.

Cancer still got her.

I was at the Memorial, she didn't deteriorate like other people had and she had a great almost three years living with the diet and when she started on the diet, she was exhausted.

Couldn't do anything.

She didn't feel well after the chemo and the surgeries and didn't want to really live.

And then she got on the diet and her whole life turned around since, so was doing great.

Well, you know, the surgery, when the cancer came back, I asked her to do the fecal matter, but she wouldn't do it.

I plead with her to do the fecal matter.

If you put anything in the liver, it keeps damaging the liver tissue.

That means you digest less and less fat and fat, that's what you majorly need with cancer because that's what dissolves dead cells.

But that doesn't mean you won't make it.

I got other people make it beyond five years that have had that kind of therapy.

[Attendee]   What about the cow shit.

[Aajonus]   Well, that would help him turn the cancer around definitely, it could permanently?

If you can get it down to where it's not creating the hysteria that makes them go to get more chemo and then he can repair it from there.

[Attendee]   He stopped the chemo after about two months.

.

.

[Aajonus]   2 months is a lot of chemo, especially what they call it the liver bomb and they put it in there and they literally used to call it a liver bomb because it would just secrete the chemo like every 4 to 12 hours, it would secrete so much.

And he was on like a timer, actually a mechanical timer and they implant it in an organ or gland that's affected.

And I know one fellow who's lived seven years beyond it.

So, he's doing okay, but others I've seen are not make it.

[Aajonus]   In a case like that ever thought of doing the chemo or something like that to keep the person alive long enough to get to perhaps a raw diet.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

I have a lot of those, but only about 60% have made it beyond so many years.

[Attendee]   But the lady in scientology, did she continue the chemotherapy.

[Aajonus]   No, she wouldn't do it, it was killing her?

She stopped and then she was introduced to this diet.

She was doing much better, doing great and then a year ago it started coming back, but she didn't come to me until a few months ago so it was too late.

Unless she ate fecal matter, she wouldn't do it.

[Kathy]   That would've made a big difference.

[Aajonus]   That would've made a big difference?

.

(3) Clay Blankets
[2004],[Aajonus]

Well, clay does contain some ultraviolet rays, and they do contain the magnetic fields and I have seen them work

Iâ€™ve seen the blankets, Nikken has them also, which has the clay in them.

The magnetics and the ultraviolet rays, which help people heal.

So, those can be beneficial.

Just remember don't overdo anything.

When I was doing tests on them between 1990 and 1993, I found that the people who were sleeping on the bed every night more than five hours after about six weeks if would cause more of a toxic effect on this diet.

On a toxic cooked diet, of course, they're always having more toxins, more electromagnetic problems.

So, it's beneficial for them to be on it eight hours a day, every day, and it's fine.

But on this diet, you don't want to be on it more than five hours a day for about six weeks, then off for about six weeks, on and off.

Probably be safer to do 6 weeks on, 6 weeks off, 3 weeks on, 6 weeks off, 3 weeks on, 6 weeks off and a pattern like that.

And it's a big- under your blankets and stuff, pad over the magnetic cushion.

[Attendee]   I just wanted to ask, you said ultraviolet light is good for you.

[Aajonus]   No, ultraviolet when it's from clay?

Not light, sunlight yes.

[Attendee #2]   Not from a tanning bed.

[Aajonus]   No, those are very toxic?

.

(4) Coconut Cream
[2004],[Aajonus]

Well, you can do that, but you know, it'll go in and dissolve toxic fat products, old cholesterols, and now there's your right solvent to break down arterial congestion is coconut dream, you can have it with anything

[Attendee]

What is coconut cream.

[Aajonus]

When you take coconut meat and separate it from the fat?

Well, what I do is I put in four-ounce jelly jars, so they're pretty full, so I'm only getting one at a time and they'll last quite a while.

If your champion juicers getting too hot, it's going to ferment it.

So, what I do is I'll take the blades with the teeth, the teeth on that part that goes on the shaft of the champion.

I put olive oil in there, about half a teaspoon of olive oil, I'll rotate it and then I'll shove it on the shaft, it causes a suction and the food gets behind that gear that goes on there, the key that goes on there, it causes the whole gear to move the whole blades to move forward and it cuts off the space for the pulp to come out.

So, it stays in here and heats up.

If you have the suction in, it keeps it back.

So, it's harder to move that blade forward.

And also, if you take the front end while you're juicing and push down on the front and bend it, it'll shut that whole tooth or a gear back onto the back of the shaft and allow the pulp to come out and down over here.

And then you can pass the coconut cream, coconut pulp two to three times.

Now green life, you don't have to worry about that at all.

That doesn't matter.

Yeah, it doesn't work with coconut very well at all.

Yeah, you don't get as much out of that.

It's the air, the air is pushing through the fat and that oxidizes it.

So, it won't but 48 hours, 72 hours.

Well, you get another 2 ounces out of it.

.

.

.

(5) Cooking With Coconut Oil
[2004],[Aajonus]

Yeah, that's 96 degrees for fats is the highest it can go without causing some problems

Formation of toxic fat.

[Attendee]

They said coconut oil is okay.

[Aajonus]

They say olive oil is too?

I can show you a terrible reaction, they say you can cook with olive oil because it's stable.

I can show you many cases where it creates damage, swelling in the throat, thyroid exhaustion.

[Attendee #2]

James is selling coconut cream in bottles now, is that okay.

[Aajonus]

That's good?

That's good stuff.

[unclear] .

It's pressed by a company- oh no, he's not selling it from them, they're pressed by somebody else.

The Beverly Hills Juice Club in West Hollywood, you can call them on Tuesdays or Fridays between 8:00 and 9:00 and they'll press as much as you want, coconut.

So, you don't have to go through all that cracking and cutting and putting it in the juicer.

And James Stewart is now carrying it, so you pick up on Wednesday's and Saturday's.

[Attendee #2]

Did you know about the coconut juice they're selling at Trader Joe's.

[Aajonus]

That's all heated, very high.

.

(6) Cotton Balls Have Mercury
As an antiseptic

So, you have to get a non-sterilized cotton ball, you know, like furniture cotton, organic cotton.

If it's organic cotton, it's not going to be contaminated and I think there are some facial cottons that you can get from health food stores or cotton balls that are organic.

If it's organic that means they're not sterilized it with mercury.

Remember the pharmaceutical industry loves use mercury as an antibiotic, and an antiseptic.

.

(7) Different Meats HealignEffects
[2004],[Aajonus]

Well, just like in building the high bacteria in the different meats will help break down the toxicity in those tissues

Chicken and all fowl relate to all tissue in the body that is not red and deep red in the body.

Glands like liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, they are all deep red, they're effected by red meat, beef, lamb, Buffalo, venison, all of those.

White meats like rabbit, fowl apply to lymphatic systems, skin, bone, cartilage, neurological tissue, including the myelin, skin hair, all of that is more effected by those white needs,  The tissue of the brain, the actual inner workings of the brain, the fluids of the brain are affected more by fish, seafood.

So, if you have high fish, you'll help detoxify the inner workings of the brain and neurological system better.

If you have other white meats like the foul and the rabbit, you will detoxify the skin, the lymph, everything else that I mentioned, and the beef, course the darker organs, the blood and the muscles.

[Attendee]   Oh, well, I'm relatively new.

[Aajonus]   Have you read the book.

[Attendee]   I read the book about three weeks ago?

[Aajonus]   Then you get to ask a question.

[Attendee]   Oh, okay.

Well, my problem for one I'm sort of a health nut, and you got a lot more real to me after I read your book because I know you've been through all those.

I reached a point about 10 years ago whenever I tried, I just couldn't get any better and then I had a back injury and I've just had too much weight since then and I'm just happy to hear the weight is okay, it's not necessarily something that you see as a problem.

[Aajonus]   But your weights a problem if you've got a back injury.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]   Well, that's all that's gotten steadily better actually, I'm happy with-

Good, just lose the weight and gain a different weight, but you should never get that big again on this diet.

The heaviest people get at your age is maybe 35 pounds overweight and you're about 50.

[Attendee]   Yeah, I'm embarrassed, I'm actually quite small boned.

[Aajonus]   No, you're not.

Let me see your wrists.

.

.

you're not small boned.

.

(8) Dirrhea Too Much Fat
[Aajonus]   Well, I see people with large adhesions of scar tissue, which are dead cells that do not function, they're just like bricks holding you together

Or if you can't resolve them, it's compound adhesions because your body can't resolve the dead cells, I've seen people with huge adhesions still function with their bladder.

I would say if you're having diarrhea about every time, you eat your fat or very, very loose stools.

You're not digesting them so well.

I can tell how much cream I can eat.

When I first started on eating raw meat, I started drinking court of raw cream a day with a quart of carrot juice.

It made me feel wonderful and I loved it.

I blew up, you know, got like Arnold Schwarzenegger and a little puffier in the face than he did cause I didn't work out, he did.

And it felt really good, but I always had loose stools from it.

If I have, let's say eight ounces of cream at a time with berries, I will get very loose stools and I'll be able to judge from thatbhow much I'm digesting and not digesting.

And I'd probably be able to digest very well only six ounces at a time, cream at a time.

So, you have to eat a tremendous amount of fat to not digest it properly usually.

I've had that the vagotomy, so my digestion is compromised.

So, if I can have six ounces most people can do a lot better than that.

Cream is the hardest to digest of the raw fat.

Um, as far as it causes swelling, puffiness as far as actual digestion, for breaking it down the assimilating, avocado is the hardest.

So, if you have difficulty with avocado, then you might want to decrease your consumption of avocado.

If you have massive swelling, water retention, you may be eating too much cream.

You may have more butter.

.

(9) EMFs
[Aajonus]

The damaged tissue is not coming out quickly

You have a lot of stored toxic fats in your body.

So, your minerals are probably being absorbed a lot around there.

So, if you want to increase the healing to that finger, get a hot water bottle, wrap it in like a flannel pillowcase, and just put your hand on top of it while you sleep.

Or while you're sitting down anywhere, and it'll force circulation into that area for healing.

Anytime you want to force healing in a particular area, use hot water bottles, never a heating pad.

Heating pad contains EMF, electromagnetic fields, and it causes molecular change of cells, which are destructive and there they don't reproduce properly.

It'll cause more adhesions.

[Attendee]

Likewise with electric heating blankets.

[Aajonus]

Correct?

[Attendee #2]

Are space heaters okay.

[Aajonus]

Keep them three feet away from you, it'll also cause electromagnetic fields in the air?

I don't think it's a good idea.

If you're going to use something like that use the radiators, the oil filled.

They're less contaminated.

Or gas.

[Attendee #2]

If you cut your finger, just put a hot water bottle on it.

[Aajonus]

No, you don't put it on top of the hand because that'll cut the circulation off, if you put your hand on top of the hot water bottle heat will radiate up into hand?

[Attendee #2]

Electric massager.

[Aajonus]

That's not good?

I put my EMF meter on there.

Very high electric, an electric massage chair.

Yeah.

, it's got a motor that runs it.

The motor's right under here and they'll send out EMS for up to three feet.

[Attendee #3]

Do these things help as far as EMS are concerned, do you know.

[Aajonus]

Um, is that a magnetic?

[Attendee #3]

No?

Nikken's got these magnetic patches and pocket things, that'll will help pull some of it out and regulate your system a little bit.

Their beds work to an extent, as long as you don't overdo it.

[Attendee #4]

Is the Q-Link something you recommend.

[Attendee #3]

This is a Q-Link?

[Aajonus]

What is that, I don't know what Q-Link is.

[Attendee #3]

No sense in going into it if you don't know what it is?

[Aajonus]

But I may, Q-Link I'm not familiar with that name, but I know about the magnetics.

[Attendee #3]

It's supposed to regulate magnetic fields, so they're no longer damaging to the body.

.

(10) Eyeliner
[Aajonus]   Well, wipe that off of your eyes

If you take your little eye thing, you know your eye curler, eyelash curler with egg white on it.

It makes them very dark and thick.

So, there's a beauty kit for you.

When I used to do acting that's what I did to make my eyelashes thick, take a little paintbrush with egg white and brushed it on my eyelashes and went like this, that was all I did.

Because I didn't want them to put, cause you'd go on the set, like soaps to make everybody's look pretty and I was in the general hospital for five and a half years.

We put mascara on, no way.

[Attendee]   Is it okay for eyeliner.

.

.

[Aajonus]   What I suggest people do is take blueberry or some berry, press it and just take a paint brush and paint it on, it will stain.

Just put a touch of vinegar in it and it will set like an Easter egg.

Put it on your lips  Well, when I was on stage, that's what I would do.

It works very well.

.

(11) Eyesight
[2004],[Attendee]

Long term effects on your eyesight

.

.

[Aajonus]

It's very individual.

Most people that get on the diet are beyond thirty.

Usually, the toxicity and scarring is already set in the eyes.

So, reversing that may take 15 to 20 years on the diet.

I had 15, the only healthy things about me my whole life was my eyesight.

As a child I could see the hairs on a fly's legs without magnification, and I could read a magazine from that picture over there to here.

When I got cancer of the face, when that aerospace epoxy came out of my bone in the nose and the cancer burned my nose away, a third of my nose away, it burned a hole in here and a hole in my head here, the acid ran down and burned that eye.

So, that damaged the sight in this eye.

They said that I'd never be able to see out of it properly without a lens transplant, anybody want to donate.

Anyway, it was very thick adhesion, it was probably about 8 to 10 layers, depending upon the area and I keep taking photographs of it at different angles to see each year whether it's diminished and the layers have diminished down to just two now.

So, the eyes are healing.

There are other people whose eyes improve greatly.

Those people are people who usually put egg white in their eye or butter in their eye every other day or once or twice a week and those people's lives improve on a steady basis, but you actually have to treat the eye directly I found to implement that

Oh, this eye.

It's improving, I can't tell your eye lashes apart, but I can see out of it much better?

I can tell who you are very well.

[Attendee]

Is there any reason it's better to do it only once or twice a week or every other day, rather than every day.

[Aajonus]

I would say it depends upon your eye.

A lot of people who tried putting butter in their eye, it becomes so thick, you can only put a drop in it.

You lie back and you have to let it sit with your eyes closed for 10 minutes for it to completely melt and let it absorb.

Otherwise, if you walk around like this, trying to see with butter in your eyes it will stay cool, it won't absorb and you've got this film over your eye.

You won't be able to see very well, but an egg white you can put that right in and see perfectly and not wipe it away and not have to keep your eyes closed, but the oil may be a little too-

I've seen a few people put oil and butter in, two and three times a day, every day and then all of a sudden it will cause a massive eye detox and they start putting out sand.

I think that's a hell of a forced detox and people have improved their vision quicker, but you know, you may be impaired of vision for a day or two.

That is functioning, you can't go out if you've got sand in your eye.

You've got to lie there and just let it get through the center of your eye to get it out.

If it keeps coming out during the day, you can't function.

Imagine driving and all of a sudden one comes into your eye,

But that takes, I think it took something like three weeks before one person.

.

.

doing it every day three times a day.

.

(12) Fecal Matter Tumor Cancer
[2004],[Aajonus]

Well, as I was talking about fecal matter, was the only thing that I've seen stop that kind of metastasis

When you metastasize that much, that means it's pretty fast growth, pretty fast.

I can't imagine that they're benign if you have that many in various areas.

I have seen it occasionally, but not very often?

Benign tumors, very hard to dissolve.

Coconut cream is your best, using coconut cream with a little bit of pineapple is helpful to dissolve tumor, but with that many it all depends.

See, when the cells go malignant, that's a good thing because only malignant tumors can be resolved overnight because with the malignant tumor, the malignant cell has like a battery acid in it, and mostly in tumors you have one light cancer cell surrounded by 50 dead cells.

The cancer cells like a hermit, like a monk.

It's very psychic.

You can keep the body in communication with that area.

So, it can keep that body, that part of the body alive, even though it's in this state of disease.

Benign tumor can't do that.

There's no connection with that area of the body.

So, when the cancer cell dies and sets out the serum that dissolves all the cells around them.

That's why you can have remission overnight.

You dissolve within 2 to 7 days a huge tumor like they did at the University of Toronto using E.

coli verotoxin, dissolved brain tumors from 2 to 7 days,   So, fecal matter is your best way to make sure that it's done, so you arrest it.

If you go in for a biopsy, you're opening yourself to a tremendous amount of metastasis.

[SKIP TO 4:40]   Well, you said that you may have tumors many areas of your body, it's not just one.

If you've got them in many areas your body, you're going to be one of those people who suffers.

It doesn't matter whether you have it or not, you know, enjoy your life while you're here.

I tell every cancer client that comes to me, count on dying and do what it takes not to die.

Like when I went through my stuff, I wanted to die, I was in so much pain.

I was so crippled by those fucking doctors and the drugs that I was crawling around on my elbows like a worm, and it was a miserable life and I was always in pain, severe back pain intestinal pain, leg pain.

That's what they did to me, and I just chose that I would never go to them again.

I'd rather die and the people who die on this diet die usually pretty pleasantly, they don't make it  No, I wouldn't say that entirely because some people feel they have to do it.

It is my approach that I would never do it, never.

When it's my time to go, I'll go, but most people who are on this diet and have cancer reverse it because they haven't had chemo and radiation.

I'll tell you, now that I've been working since the books been published and people who've had chemo and radiation and surgery, the reversal rate is way down to about 60% and I'm not even 5 years yet.

So, it could go down to 50, 40%, still better than the medical profession because theirs is around 11 to 17% after five years.

[Attendee]   I remember one time you shared that if people did nothing at all.

.

.

[Aajonus]   76% reverse on their own, but that was back in the forties, fifties, and sixties.

We have about a 4,200 more chemicals.

We're exposed to a lot more contamination.

So, the rate I would say probably 60% would naturally reverse it if people did nothing cause cancers like a flu.

It's a collection of dead cells.

Once your liver gets working again makes you proper solvents to dissolve the dead cells.

Your body doesn't collect them anymore.

There's no tumors.

We've reversed.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Most people go through cancer three or four or five times in their life and never know it and since they don't know it, never have a problem with it, they're never diagnosed and there's no harm.

When you go to the doctor, let me tell you, they're trained to terrorize you and they do.

No way, you know how fast the FDA would come down on me.

Yeah.

I would definitely recommend that she does the fecal matter, definitely.

Well, it's so small, it's not enough for her.

Not in a situation like that.

[Kathy]   Do you have to have half a pound.

[Aajonus]   Well, no, I recommended she had an ounce every day for five days off, six days on five days, and then maybe three months later doing it again and seeing how it does?

She may even need it more.

She keeps metastasizing.

[Attendee]   Can people do it even if they don't have cancer.

[Aajonus]   Certainly because almost everybody has cancer, it's just not detected yet?

No, because then you'll damage bacteria, kill the bacteria.

Let me tell you, if you like overcooked broccoli mixed with brussels sprouts, you would love it, that would make me vomit.

[Attendee]   Could you hypnotize someone to believe they're eating something delicious.

[Aajonus]   You do that against the law?

You could get in trouble for practicing psychology without a license.

Talk to this man about that.

.

(13) Flower Oils
(14) Fruitarian
(15) Getting Off Medication - Throid
(16) Hairspray
(17) High Meat
[Aajonus]

Up until a year ago when I ate the eight ounces of high fish, it removed 20% of my brain scarring in a matter of about four months, going through the meningitis from eating that eight ounces of high fish, that was a difficult, difficult detox for a while

I was in severe pain.

I would say I had the effects for about six weeks, from minor to major, to minor again until it was all over.

Severe pain lasting for that 10 days where it peaked about three days where Lorie was lifting my legs onto the couch because I couldn't move anything from the waist down without severe pain and sleeping in the bathtub and that lasted probably 6 days.

Three days where I couldn't do it myself.

And I ate eight ounces, which is way too much.

High fish, it's letting meat rot on its own, you know decompose on its own with its own bacteria.

So, what you do is you chop it up, you put it in a jar with equal amount of air.

You have to take it out of the house if you don't want to stink up your house.

Take it out of the house, open it every three to four days, move the jar in the air just twice in a figure eight.

Um, put the lid back on tightly cause there's a gas that's built that'll leak out into your refrigerator, you know, open them and let the gas out.

A lot of people will do that, I just don't feel like doing it for a week or two weeks or three weeks and it's gas keeps building up in there and it just leaks out in the refrigerator.

They say I have a tight lid on that, why is it stinking so badly.

Because hell, you got to take it outside and let it air! And anyway, the bacteria stops growing because it's aerobic bacteria, so it needs to progress through all of its stages and if you don't take it out every three to four days, it goes dormant at that point?

Doesn't meat you can't use it, it just sort of goes dormant and it takes an exposure and the least three, four days for the bacteria to get active again where you can take it.

If you take it when it's not active, it just won't be much good.

You're just taking stinky meat.

And what that stinky meat does is.

.

.

your body cleans itself in three ways.

I say this at every meeting, it's probably one of the most important things I talk about.

You use solvent, just like we use degreasers and compounds to dissolve other compounds, whether it's plastic, wood, and metal.

No matter what it is in the body, if it's inorganic, that's the only way your body can dissolve those toxins because bacteria, parasites, molds, they will not break down inorganic material from pollution, cooked foods, stuff like that that stores in the body.

So, your body has to make these solvents and does it from about 80% fat, 15% protein and 5% alcohol, which your body makes from fermenting carbohydrates in the body.

So, it goes in and dissolves whatever's in the body that needs to be dissolved.

Some people have no bacteria.

People like me who have had intense radiation and chemotherapy, it poisons the whole system so parasites, bacteria can't live in the body.

So, the body has to do only the solvent process.

It's a very slow, tedious process and one of the byproducts of it is identical turpentine and it's as as toxic to the human body.

So, it creates a low grade lethargy, maybe depression, fatigue.

So, the body isn't real happy when it has to go through that and you'll see people eat the high meat that they make after about four weeks, you need to let it go four weeks.

If you eat that, all of a sudden you get this high, because what you've done is introduced bacteria into the body and all of a sudden the body doesn't have to use only the solvent process, which is slow and very toxic.

So, the body can use virus, bacteria, molds, yeasts.

Yeast is a mold and to dissolve compounds in your body.

So, your body has health.

It doesn't have to do everything on its own.

It's like, let's say you were the only person in this room and we piled garbage all over the place and you had to stay and clean it up all by yourself and you had 24 hours to do it and would take you 80 hours to do on your own.

So, then all of a sudden we bring a bunch of people in here to help you to do it.

That's what happens when you eat the high meats, high bacteria meats.

Introducing bacteria into the body to help you clean up the garbage and the byproducts from the virus, the bacteria and the molds working.

.

(18) High Meat First TIme
[2004],[Aajonus]

The first time was when 1975 when I met the Eskimos

I still had bone cancer, blood and bone was coming back again.

I was traveling around on a bicycle all over the United States, Mexico and Canada and Alaska.

Living with different tribes and animals, alligators, coyotes, you know, chipmunks and studied them in different tribal groups.

Well, when I went to Alaska, this is in September of 95.

Um, it was getting cold, you know, Alaska gets cold pretty quickly in September.

It was getting down to about 48 degrees at night.

With my multiple myeloma surging, if the temperature went below 48 degrees, I was crippled.

I was in so much pain I couldn't move.

Couldn't move even my fingers.

I couldn't twitch my ears and my eyebrows or anything without severe pain.

So.

I would keep very warm at night, as warm as I could.

and as soon as the sun went down I would bundle, but they tried to get me to eat raw meat like crazy up there and I wouldn't do it because I was such a diehard vegetarian, and I had such an ill reaction to cooked meat.

Never dawned on me the difference between all raw foods and cooked foods.

So, I refused to do it and one day we dug up these pouches, they were these things that were wrapped in hide and buried under the ground between two and six inches.

It stunk horribly, I mean they had somebody down there and they could tell how bad it stunk and if it didn't stink a half mile down wind, it wasn't ready, so they wrapped it and put it back in the ground.

When I got there, they started doing this, I thought what the hell is this, maybe it's some herbs or something because when they unwrapped it, I could see this green mold, white and black mold.

I didn't know that meat did that.

I had no consciousness with meat to have those kinds of molds growing on it.

So, when it came time that it was ripe smell was so horrific that I couldn't get within five feet of it without wanting to vomit.

All the children were around it, they smelled it and they were jumping up and down like this, and the adults were all happy.

This shit is so bad I'm saying to myself, oh my God.

I thought it was, you know, I thought they were herbs that rotted, some kid of mulch in them, some kind of seaweed in them cause it smelled so bad.

Uh, it did smell slightly animal, so I figured it was seaweed.

Seaweed can stink horribly because it's part of the animal, like a mushroom is part animal and part plant.

So, they unwrapped it and gave me a golf ball sized amount and I had to put cotton balls up my nose with musk oil.

So, I pushed it up my nose, you know, that smelled good, but still I could barely detect it, I was able to eat it and within about two or three hours, all of a sudden, all my joints felt warm, and this was in the late afternoon when the sun was starting to go down and I stayed there for a total of 28 days and I was not crippled in pain.

I mean, I was in pain, but I was not crippled for that whole time.

Now, years later when I read the culture and what they wrap in those hides and buried, I found out it was meat.

So, I realized that I needed meat, but this wasn't until the early eighties and that's when I started molding other foods, molding .

(19) How Much Fruit WIthout Reaction
[2004],[Aajonus]

Then I don't have a craving for carrot juice as often

[Attendee]   If you find that you eat more fruit and don't have any reaction, is that okay.

[Aajonus]   Yes, but a lot of people can't determine on their own when they're emotionally involved in their own issues and their own stuff?

They don't see that they're having a problem, like this girl doesn't see that she's having a problem, but everybody around her has commented about it to me.

So, she's not able to see that it's too much.

And I tried to have a conversation with her about it and she got very upset, said, "I feel great, what do you mean.

This is a great diet!"?

She said, "my raw diet is great.

" Said I don't know how you can eat what you do because I wouldn't be enjoying it, I love the taste of my food.

Um, well, I would say, you know, let somebody around who is close to you knows you be, uh, be a mirror or a sounding board.

Um, you know, I can be clear about it now because I've been there and, and I'm removed from it.

But when I'm there, you know, like last summer I tried to do a lot of fruits for week and.

I didn't see it at first, but all of a sudden, one day I realized I was getting irritable again, getting too excited to your roles and sexual all of it.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]   So, can I try adding more fruit

Well, I would say let somebody around you who's close to you be a mirror, be s sounding board.

I can be clear about it now because I've been there and I'm removing from it, but when I'm there, like last summer I tried to do a lot of summer for a week and I didn't see it at first, but all of a sudden one day I noticed I was getting irritable again.

Too excited, too irritable, too sexual.

All of it.

Of course, I'm a diabetic so.

[Attendee]   Doesn't fruit help with weight gain.

[Aajonus]   Not necessarily?

Usually, a lot of fruit interferes with weight gain because it breaks the sugars down and makes them into fuel instead of allowing muscle.

She's not good with it.

I've seen only a few people who can eat a lot of fruit, maybe a fruitarian diet and function, and think and they do very well, but it's very few.

Well, one of them was a 70-year-old man and about two years ago he started having problems, so he started eating meat.

So, you know, the others aren't that old yet, he the oldest.

When he hits 70 years old, I think David's gonna have a problem.

60-65.

[unclear] .

.

(20) How To Gain Weigh
(21) Kefir
[2004],[Aajonus]

Mix it with certain foods, it neutralizes the bacteria, just milk is okay

When you put it with egg it neutralizes the bacteria, honey it'll definitely neutralize the bacteria.

I don't know a yogurt that's raw.

[Attendee]   What about kefir.

[Aajonus]   Um, well, I don't eat that?

The reason I don't eat it is because when they take a bacteria to make a yogurt or a kefir, they wash it, and that bacteria is never what it was us in the beginning.

And every time they wash it in city water, there's new chemicals that are changing that bacteria.

I like to make my own kefir, my own yogurt with my own milk from its own bacteria.

So, I'll put it in a dark cupboard, upper cupboard in the winter where it's warmer, lower cupboard in the summer where it's cooler.

You have a very low ratio of time to be able to drink it all before it separates in the cottage cheese, but still, that's the way I prefer it.

[Attendee]   The bacteria in kefir, isn't that from grains.

[Aajonus]   Some of it's from rennet, which is from the enzymes in a cow's stomach?

That's what I'm saying, I don't use any.

Most starters like she said are from vegetables, they're not the natural bacteria in milk.

It's the type of bacteria that you put in it, one that'll thicken heavily.

They're about four varieties.

that'll make it thicken a lot, only when the milk is heated.

[Attendee]   So, you put bacteria in your-.

[Aajonus]   No, I'm saying I do not?

It'll go, it'll go into Kefir and then it'll go into yogurt, then cottage cheese.

It will go if you let it sit.

In the fridge it still won't go into cottage cheese unless it's made that cycle.

Yeah, most of the time it will.

If you put honey in it, that helps to go into kefir and a yogurt very nicely and keeps it from going into cottage cheese and then you can refrigerate them.

That'll keep much better.

I use about 2 tablespoons per quart.

You can spit in it if you want your own enzymes if you want to have your own medicine.

So, your own enzymes are in the milk pre-digesting it, then expectorating into it.

You know, maybe you know about a teaspoon of spit in there.

No.

I usually wait until the milk is room temperature, then I'll put the honey in it and then I'll just sit there and nurture it for a while when I'm reading or doing something and set it because once it mixes finely it doesn't separate again.

Well, keep it in a dark space anyway and then when it becomes room temperature I add the honey, shake it and put it back in the dark place.

Shaking it to get the honey to mix in more.

It depends on how cold the honey is.

I keep my house very cold, except in the summer I don't need much, I rarely use the heat just when patients are coming over.

So, everything is very cold.

So, for me, it sometimes takes five minutes of, you know, just going like this and that to do that, but in the summer, it takes about a minute, and it'll dissolve.

[Attendee]   How long does it take without the honey.

[Aajonus]   Without the honey, it depends upon room temperature and temperature of the milk?

It takes anywhere from, in the winter and a cold house, like mine would say it's 60 degrees in my house or 57 degrees.

It could take three days.

If it's 80 degrees in my house, it could take a day and a half to get to kefir state and then another 10 to 12 hours in that kind of heat to get to the yogurt state and then you have a very brief period where it'll go into cottage cheese, separate into it, but with the honey in it, it doesn't do that as well.

[Attendee #2]   When you're eating certain cheeses, they also have certain bacteria's.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, that's fine.

When you're eating cheeses you're eating a mold, you're eating a moldy food and that helps clean out a lot of garbage because it pulls poisons to the stomach and intestines and binds with them.

You don't really digest much cheese; cheese is there as an absorbent.

Also, what'll happen is it'll help you utilize a lot of healthy minerals.

So, you bind those minerals from your juice and your other foods to bind with poisons.

The minerals in the cheese will do that and leave your other minerals for utilization in the body.

So, it's great to get rid of pain.

.

(22) Loss Of Period
[Attendee]   When your period stops, I haven't had it in 8 months

[Aa  It just means that your ovaries are not producing eggs and you may be going through a menopause?

Did you not have any hot flashes and all that, most women who have been on this diet for many years, when they go into menopause, there is no problem.

They don't have heat flashes; they don't have all that discomfort.

They don't have any problems.

Women who go on the diet when they're already into it, it usually doesn't stop right away.

Usually has its year/ 2 year cycle and some people even continue it.

Are you still continuing your heat flashes.

And how long have you been?

4 years and she's still in hers.

So, it depends upon the individual.

She's trying to do a lot to do it, but Kathy was like me.

She was very, very ill when she started the diet.

[Attendees]   Laughs    .

(23) Mercury
[2004],[Aajonus]

5% of the people it contaminates

A good way to get mercury out of the body is by eating cilantro, about 10% of your juice.

Cilantro is a good metal absorber, especially mercury, eating raw fish to tie natural mercury like swordfish.

See with the plankton, which they eat, which naturally is high in mercury, handles and makes mercury a living substance, which is beneficial.

It helps the buoyancy for like the swordfish.

All those animals are very buoyant, even the dolphins because they have high mercury content, but it's organic, bioactive mercury.

Once you cook it, you cauterized it, it's a free radical, and it's a toxin.

So, as long as you don't cook your fish, it's a very beneficial mercury.

It won't help you be buoyant because mostly it will be used to pull poison mercury's out of your system.

Mercury's, there are three forms of mercury, there's organic, there's inorganic and vapor mercury.

The vapor will crystal, say like you had mercury fillings, amalgam fillings.

They're 50% mercury.

They let off a gas every time you're chewing on something that's acidic, that gas crystallizes in your system as it's absorbed, the lungs and into the stomach, into the tissue and crystallizes.

So, it leaves little particles of mercury here and there throughout the system.

The mercury is injected into the body.

It's not like that.

You've seen mercury where you put it down, you know, beads are mercury.

They'll just crawl and find each other.

That's the way it reacts in the body when it's injected in the body.

So, you have these massive mercury deposits in the brain.

That's happens in the brain of children with autism or death.

No, he asked, when you use lemon or lime with the fish, does that make it a toxic mercury.

No, it is not.

It's like the digestive juices in the stomach.

It starts taking the parts apart, but it doesn't cauterize it.

It doesn't warp them.

If there's many Mercuries to be bioactive, you'll have fish tissue with it.

Um, let me finish the thing about the mercury.

When the plankton eats the mercury.

Just like any plant can take strychnine, led to be very healthy with a trace amount of it because it's taking the minerals from the earth and strychnine, mercury are all minerals from the earth.

Well from the ocean that's y'know, earth in general, not soil.

It takes those substances and makes them useful within a system.

and it can do it with a certain level and plankton is very good at utilizing mercury and making it useful to living creatures.

So, the other creatures that feed on plankton and the other creatures that feed on the animals that feed on the plankton get high levels of organic mercury, makes them very buoyant.

They're much more in the ocean than they could without the mercury.

Once you take that mercury, and once you take that meat from the creatures who have that mercury and you cook it, you completely fractionate all the life.

It's like I come in here and I blast you with either, um, you know, some kind of acid, caustic acid that's not a vegetable or I take a big flame blower, I melt you guys.

Okay.

Basically, all of the ability to maintain a light form is gone.

You eliminate everything that causes that interaction to make this whole system full and mobile and active.

So then those little trace amounts of mercury then are poison.

If you come into contact with or eat them, then they are poisoning the system.

They are free radicals, like I talked about the proton being separated from the neutrons and it'll bombard and split and slice as when mercury does, when it's not organically bioactive.

Oh, yes.

Metal poisoning has gone into probably the nerves and the joint and all the connective tissue, so they're constantly irritated.

The problem I find with it on this diet, even on this diet is that that's probably one of the hardest to reverse because I need to put them in the stage and it almost gets them into lupus and they either go into lupus or they don't.

And I've had 3 clients go into lupus and it's hell.

You know, you need to get lots of fat on their connective tissues.

That's cream and butter, get in there and absorb the fat.

Whether they make it through with that kind of poison is very difficult to judge.

[Attendee]   So, the raw fat is absorbing the cooked fat, is that what you mean by absorbing the fat.

[Aajonus]   Well, the fats absorb the toxic metals from the chelation therapy?

[Roger]   People who've had a bypass to clean up the artery and the veins.

They claim that it goes out through the kidneys.

[Aajonus]   People who are not on this diet, 90% of the people I know who've gotten chelation therapy.

First person I met who got chelation therapy was in 1971.

That was when they first started chelation therapy, 90% of them had died.

Without being on this diet.

I've had 4 people who had 30 to 50 chelation treatments who died.

Well, they didn't stick strictly because one person in Sacramento.

Somebody frightened them, some vegetarian, fighting them into saying that no, he's going to store the fats again in his arteries.

so he stopped doing the diet for about three months and he died in that time, and I talked to his wife and she said that when he was on your diet did so well and then when he got afraid, somebody scared him.

About a year and a half after starting the diet scared him to stop eating all that fat.

.

(24) Mercury Iodine Swelling
[2004],[Aajonus]

Not necessarily, usually that kind of pain, what usually happens when they perform a surgery on someone who has a spine injury, and any kind of surgery, they'll use Merthiolate, mercurochrome or iodine, as an antiseptic

Mercurochrome and Merthiolate are all liquid mercury, very poisonous.

So, they coat that area, causes severe toxicity in that area, causing pain, causes swelling, doctors who use that are very ignorant.

They just don't observe what's happening over the long run.

Iodine does the same thing.

Iodine's a little bit more accurate and it milks around the tissue and cause more adhesions by acidity.

Whereas the mercury will just poison cells and cause toxicity that way, either way they're both harmful.

And that's usually the problem in that situation.

Eating berries with cream and butter, coconut cream is the best.

Blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, boysenberries, anything strawberries, not so much.

It will help remove the metal poisonings like the mercury and the iodine and then the fats will help dissolve it also and bind with it.

Coconut cream is the best.

You take coconut cream after juicing it, when you put it on metal, you'll see.

Within 24 hours, 48 hours, it eats the metal away and turns black.

So, coconut cream is a lot better to remove metals.

Usually what that creates is the same reactions he's having already with your panic attacks, severe depression and suicidal tendencies, even homicidal tendencies.

[Attendee]   Is there anything that can help him be free of pain.

[Aajonus]   Well, if the pain is causing the swelling locally, no?

What he has to do is apply a hot water bottle in the area.

, so that everything will expand.

When you have those poisons in there, it causes a burning of the surrounding tissues.

So, there's always tension.

It's like, I, you know, and when that poisons, irritating the nerve tissue, it will constantly cause a contraction in that area that minimizes the blood to the area.

But yet the blood is trying to pump in there.

And then what happens is the nerves get swollen in a tight area.

It's just like the brain; you get a headache.

That's from swelling in the brain and your skull is not expanding along with it.

So, if you apply a hot water bottle on three sides while you're lying, when you do.

That will allow the connective tissue to the fishers to expand.

So, the whole brain can expand so that the swelling in the brain doesn't cause pressure on the nerves and cause the headaches usually hot water bottles on three sides, we'll reduce the headaches by about 80%.

Then you take the pain formula, usually gets rid of it.

So, you start moving again, as long as you're sedentary and still it's good.

You can't give me too many parts too.

If you give me too many parts to the question, I can't answer it every day.

.

(25) Metal Jar Tops Rust
[Aajonus]   I haven't had that problem; you may have had a bad batch

[Attendee],[Aajonus]    So, when the rings get rusty even that rust sitting on the glass-

It'll fall down and flake down into your food.

[Attendee]    Just like the discoloration with rust I should just stop using it.

[Aajonus]   Absolutely, if I get a scratch if the enamel scratches, then I don't use it?

[Attendee]    Same with the metal ones if you get a scratch.

[Aajonus]   I don't even use the metal ones cause that'll flake right into your food?

I use the enamel tops.

The plastic don't seal as well.

[Kathy]   Where do you get your enamel tops.

[Aajonus]   On the internet I found a place?

[Kathy]   Can you give us their number.

[Attendee #2]   I remember when I first met you, I had a red mark on my hand?

.

[Aajonus]   Eczema.

[Attendee #2]   Was it from metal.

.

.

jars.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Now you're talking about this rim right here.

[Attendee #2]   Like right on the inside, the flat top part?

[Aajonus]   Okay, I've never had that problem because I don't let it get wet and I dry them instantly.

I do not let them sit.

Any of these will rust, hand dry them.

If I wash them, I instantly take my towel and dry them with it because they will rust.

.

(26) Milkshakes &Smoothies
[2004]

Never drink a smoothie with meat

Smoothie is with egg and fruit.

If you want you can add milk to it and have other kinds of milkshakes smoothies, but it's not good to have with meat.

It's not a good idea because you'll start turning the protein into a pyruvate, which is a protein sugar, and you'll burn it rather than use it to regenerate cells.

So, you won't reversing the aging process, you're just giving yourself a lot more fuel.

No, I'm saying the terminology smoothie means fruit in it.

Milkshake means no fruit in it.

Yes, you can have it with meat if you have a very good digestive system.

Like if you have any indigestion or you go too long without hunger, after eating a milkshake with a meat meal, then don't have them together or have less of the milkshake.

I can't mix a milkshake and meat together and digest it very well.

Tomato is always good with meat.

Tomatoes an acid, so it doesn't interfere with the intestinal bacteria, the acid bacteria.

So, it's always beneficial, however if you're eating zucchini and to cucumber, they can over alkalinize, so you shouldn't have too much.

You're getting the ads.

.

(27) More Eyes
[Aajonus]   It just happens

People go through different detoxes in different times.

Last year after I forced the meningitis by eating eight ounces of high fish, I had grains coming out of my eye.

Part of the brain dumping because the brain can only dump out the sinuses, the eyes and the ears and the mouth and the gums and the salivary gland.

I don't recommend it for anybody unless they're very brave.

Yes, this psychologist in Santa Fe, New Mexico came to me about five or six years ago and she's an expert witness for the federal government.

She's like a psychologist that questioned him.

She had interviews with him to determine whether he was sane to go on trial or not.

So, she's pretty high powered.

She's had asthma, most of her life and inhalers and prednisone's.

She's down to maybe taking a 10th of her medication and rarely takes an inhaler at all.

She always had red eyes because of that.

So, she always looked stoned when she's up on the witness stand.

So, she says is there anything I can do about it.

And I said, yes, drop a few drops of egg in an eye dropper?

I said drop an egg into a glass, take some egg white out and drop 2 drops into each eye.

Put your head back and pull your eyelids completely away from the eye and roll your eyes around for about a minute.

So, she did that about three days a week and about, I think it was about 1 year and 3 months and she was on the diet and she called me in a panic one day, "My eyes are so bad I can't see, I can't even read signs on the road anymore, this diet isn't working.

".

I said wait a minute, you have multiple problems.

The diets taken care of some of them, and you've only been on the diet a year and three months it's not gonna repair you and everything in a year and a year and three months, it takes 40 years to clean up everything.

You build everything five times before you'll be optimal.

So, if you're still having eye deterioration, that's probably because of your medications that you're still taking.

You need to go to the optometrist and get a new prescription.

So, she went to the optometrist and her eyesight was about 20 to 30% better.

So, she had to get a reeducation her prescription.

That's the first person I knew that put the egg white in her eyes on a regular basis, but you got an instant improvement.

So, I started suggesting other people wanting to improve their eyes that they put it regularly in the eyes, the egg white and sure enough, in every case of people that continue to degenerate even on the diet their eyesight, it stopped immediately   And for most people it reverses it.

I'd probably do it at 9:00 AM morning because at night you can kind of use it to help the body clean out any pollution that is absorbed into the eye lining.

And then during morning, just to refresh and feed the eye directly.

Her eyes use to be very, very bloodshot all the time and now they're much better, so it's working.

Just the egg white, put the yolk in there you could be clouded, big time.

[Attendee]   Rotten egg in eye.

[Aajonus]   But then it starts decomposing and it might cause an eye detox, instead of an eye nourishment and feeding.

So, I'd be careful with that, might end up with pink eye.

That's not a bad thing to help, but it's a hell of a thing to go through and everybody thinks you're contagious because the medical profession says it's contagious.

.

(28) Nuts
I didn't say that they weren't good

I've said that all nuts contain enzyme inhibitors, which prevent you from eating from the jesting, utilizing and assimilating protein from 36 to 48 hours after eating it, unless you eat it in a combination with other foods, which inhibits the enzyme.

So she has my nut formula, which is nuts, egg hunting, and butter, or coconut cream.

That combination.

Correct.

It has to be raw nuts.

Almonds are too difficult to digest the softer ones like, um, uh, walnuts, the cons pine nuts, sunflower seeds.

No, because then you turn it into a, uh, a vegetable and then you have other enzyme inhibitors that don't mix with what I just described.

when you do this, you put it in the butter or the cream and about.

Uh, two parts, butter cream to one part, the clay.

And I mean, we're talking about, you know, let's say six drops of, uh, of butter or clay, or unless you're making a batch, you keep it refrigerated and you make a larger bag, but it should be about one third clay, two thirds.

.

(29) Pancreas Heals Slow
[2004]

Yes, if it does heal

The pancreas is the only gland gland that I very rarely see heal much and I've been eating raw foods since 1972, almost exclusively and my pancreas was repaired from diabetes only by 15%.

This is my experience.

I've only seen a few other people heal their pancreas very much at all.

Most people will take care of every other gland, but not their pancreas.

It's like the bodies on a sugar strike.

.

(30) Parasites
[2004],[Aajonus]

They're half as toxic is in turpentine lights up and they work twice as fast

Then the third way are parasites, they work five times faster than your body can use the solvent process and a hundred times less toxic.

That's why most people who have parasites don't even know it, but the problem is if you don't eat enough meat to regenerate cells, you have ulcerations, gut exchange, paralysis, death.

On this diet eating raw meats, it doesn't have to be high meat, just raw meats to regenerate cells.

Everybody gets well faster, in the animal tests all animals got well faster if they have parasites.

[Attendee]   What about doing high meat on the standard diet.

[Aajonus]   I haven't worked with anybody on that basis, so I would hate to theorize and say?

Well, Dr.

Joel Weinstock at the University of Iowa did experiments where he took six people with a chronic inflammatory bowel syndrome, which is one of the most painful diseases there is cause it's always painful.

If it goes into Crohn's then it even affects the joints and cripples' people, but just the chronic bowel syndrome can cause severe intestinal pain where people can't even move.

They're always in pain, always in diarrhea or constipation, on or the other, it's usually diarrhea.

Very thin, very emaciated people.

So, all of these people that he did experiments with were unaffected by medical treatments.

So, of course the AMA says, oh, you've got a bunch of people that aren't reacting to medical, you can do something alternative and use them as guinea pigs.

So, these six people agreed to it.

They were all elderly people with this disease who had suffered with it for at least 20 years and what he did was he felt that because all the studies showed that all animals have intestinal parasites.

Since the pig is most like our intestinal tract, he took the whip worm from the pigs' intestines, filtered out the eggs, put it in Gatorade and had these people caulk this a parasite egg-Gatorade.

They all got the parasites and five of the six immediately went into remission and stayed there for five months.

So, he proved his point.

[unclear] monkeys and other animals, I don't remember what other animal, if you cleared of bacteria, they got very sick.

cleared them of parasites, they got very sick.

So, he says, cleanliness is not what it's not what it's built up to be.

Well, what I did, in my experimental, I found out about this, you know, I'm gung ho.

When I looked in the garbage, it's the only place you're going to find massive parasites is in a garbage can outside of the fish market.

So, I went into a garbage outside of the fish market and found a piece of salmon and undulating pinworms and I ate the worms and all and I did not get parasites, but that was only eight years after having all the chemo and radiation.

So, I was still so poisoned that no parasite could live in my body.

[Attendee]   High fish, does that have parasites in it.

[Aajonus]   No, that's mainly bacteria?

If you incubated it the right way and let it sit in a warm temperature eventually it will grow parasites, but we make the high meat in the refrigerator, so it won't generate parasites and doesn't move through the stages.

I also ate calves brain infested with flukes and chicken tripe infested with parasites and I couldn't get one.

I haven't tried it in probably 12 years.

I probably could get them now.

No.

It is very hard to tell when you have parasites.

I can't tell with the irises usually, sometimes I can if I'm looking at somebody's eyes over a three month period, and there's a mass change in an area, I can usually tell there's a parasite and I've seen that and I said go check and see if you have parasites, get some test stuff and sure enough, most of the people had parasites in those areas, and then they come back.

[Attendee]   When they come back and they have parasites, are they happy.

[Aajonus]   Absolutely, throw a party! Well, what I found was that people on this diet aren't affected by them in that way?

Tony fly was an actor who was the second lead in El in El Salvador- he played a double song role, but in the movie called Latino, shot in Nicaragua in like 1986 or 1985.

He was one of my clients.

He brought me a full 11 by a half sheet, a medium sized paper illegal size, 8 1/2 by 14 of all these things not to do when he's down there in the jungle.

Don't drink the water or you wash your hands, don't eat any raw foods, not even a raw salad, boil your water distilled is better, always have your meat more than well done.

And I said, Tony, you do the exact opposite of everything it said, when you're in the swamp drink the swamp water, everything it says not to do you won't get sick.

He'd been eating this diet since about 79 I think he became my client.

A good five years, six years, seven years, he was on the diet and eating lots of meat and all of that.

So, he went down there and they spent three months there.

They went a month and a half over schedule and Haskell Wexler the academy award winning cinematographer.

He was a writer, director, producer and cinematographer of the film.

It was political and about US involvement, just like El Salvador was on Oliver Stone's.

But this wasn't about El Salvador and Latinos it was about Nicaragua and the film was shut down for three weeks because Robert Belton, who was the lead actor got frightfully ill, everybody on the entire set in a three-week period got deathly ill, so they shut the film down.

Tommy's the only one who didn't get sick and he ate the raw meat, he ate the salad and he did everything that they said, not to.

He did not get sick.

[Attendee]   So really the body is going into a detox.

[Aajonus]   That's exactly, that's it, but it's a massive detox?

The body is saying, thank God for this bacteria now let's get the shit out.

Vomit and diarrhea.

[Attendee #2]   Is there any viruses are not good for you.

Like hepatitis?

[Aajonus]   No, hepatitis is excellent because usually when a liver gets hepatitis, that liver is shut down?

This is serious progression of liver toxicity.

So you get the hepatitis, any of those hepatitis C, B, H, G, A, any of them are all beneficial.

I've seen them as long as people are on a good die where they're eating raw meats that liver gets well faster than I've ever seen.

Well, see, they're just going on on speculation.

They speculate that- they believe in the germ theory, which is speculation it has never been proven.

In fact, it's mainly been disproved, yet they hold on to it.

So, they're just, they have no idea.

They don't know anybody who's done a raw meat diet.

They've never tried it themselves and yet they're postulating this bullshit and there's not one clinical test proven that raw meat is a problem.

Not one clinical test in any university.

Not one, and you ask them to show you the science.

Oh, well the CDC says, well, we're a CDC science.

CDC doesn't have it either.

They're the most panic stricken, hysteria mongers in the world because they're all a bunch of doctors who believe in the germ theory.

[Attendee #2]   What is the CDC.

[Aajonus]   CDC, Central Disease Center?

It should be Control.

She said, if you go to any country and they say you should have shots and you should not eat this and that, don't do it.

Well, you can always get a raw eggs and raw meat anywhere and go for that, lots of raw eggs, raw chicken in Japan to me, I don't care if it's not exit.

Yes, you should not refrigerate eggs, you know.

I don't care if it's not refrigerated, you should not refrigerate eggs?

Get them to leave them out, get a bunch of them if you know you're going to go through that problem, just live on eggs and keep them out of the refrigerators  .

(31) Pollution Of Ocean & Fresh Water
[2004],[Aajonus]

Okay, let me cut that

The pollution of the ocean is at the most 2%, 2% contamination is not going to be dangerous.

It's going to be so dispersed.

It's not a problem.

Our freshwater lakes are 35% minimum in contaminated, 35% contaminated.

The ocean is only 2%.

You've got a much greater risk of causing having a mercury problem in freshwater fish.

Ocean fish are pretty clean, especially swordfish and tuna that are way out in the ocean, spend most of their time way out there.

Where most of the ocean is polluted is near the shore.

No, it's usually organic mercury.

Most of the shellfish build the mercury into their shells.

There was a lab test on oysters, clams in a contaminated area from France and some urchins and you could barely find but a trace in the urchin of inorganic mercury and he found lots of it in the shell, so don't eat the shells.

So going to shell.

Sure.

I'm the same way I need to show.

.

(32) Pottenger Fecal Matter
[2004],[Aajonus]

Edward Howell, the so-called father of enzyme nutrition did an experiment to copy or to prove Pottenger's work with those 900 cats over a 10-year period to show that you have to prove that yes, cooked foods do create diseases in animals, raw foods allow no for no disease

So, he did this experiment, which is a little over three years.

I forgot how many rats he had, but I think he had 58, 57, something like 60 rats for the first experiment.

Those that ate the cooked foods at the end of their lives in three years had all the diseases of man.

Those that ate raw had no diseases, but they all died three years, and this is very different from Pottenger's work because the cats on cooked food lived one third less than the cats on raw food that didn't have any diseases.

So, he was very concerned about that part of the experiment, didn't know what was happening, thought it was maybe some bacterial activity or something that was happening in the rat, it was unusual.

Maybe they have hormone a hormone that's different from cats.

So, he's going over the notes over and over and over again for a year and finally realized only there was one very peculiar difference, the cats who ate cooked foods, ate their feces, ate each other species, they ate all of it.

They didn't even have to clean out the gate.

They ate all the feces or most of it.

So, he decided to redo the experiment and sure enough, he put a wire mesh down to the rats when they had a movement, the fecal matter fell through the screen.

They only lived two years instead of three years this time.

So, fecal matter can be very beneficial, all animals know it except for humans, and I used it in the two situations, recommended it for people with very aggressive cancer metastasized all over their systems.

One fellow came to me about four months ago with- this is the third time he's had cancer.

He was only about my age.

I'm 55 in few days.

He's 56 or 57.

It had metastasized this time in the lungs, liver, and testes and he had part of his intestines already moved 10 years earlier in cancer and I think it was in his pancreas.

So, it was aggressive, he was going quickly and just getting thinner and thinner So, I had a lot of buffalo fecal matter and bowel tissue, and I gave it to him.

I said, what I recommend is you eat at least a tablespoon per day.

5 days on, 6 days off or about 30 days and I think he did it for only the first week, because I didn't give him much.

I told him where he could get more, I don't think he did, but he was taking morphine because of the pain and every client that I had who was on morphine never made it because it breaks their appetite, and they can't eat enough.

So, they just disintegrate interiorally.

So, what it did for him, that fecal matter allowed him to have a hell of an appetite.

So, he gained 10 pounds in about 10 days and the last time I talked to him, he was up 20 pounds.

So, he was much more focused and able and a little bit bigger than that and that was the first person that I had really, you know, I drove it into him to do it.

It's very difficult to do with women who have cancer.

I'd say most of the people who come to me with cancer are women and it's very difficult to convince women to start eating shit.

No, it isn't.

It's not even as bad as high meat because all it does is tastes like overcooked- did your mother ever overcook vegetables.

That's what it tastes like, overcooked vegetables?

It tastes like what it is.

It tastes like vegetables over cooked and if you like vegetables overcooked that'd be fine, but if you're like me I wanna vomit.

So, just swallow it down.

You could wash it down with milk, that's not a problem.

[Attendee]

Can you eat your own.

[Aajonus]

I don't recommend it?

I recommend it from an animal that's healthy.

I get it from- Kathy gets it for me.

We have some people who slaughter buffalo for us.

We get all the glands, and we ask them to give us 70 pounds of bowels with all the contents in it, by the way I need to get some more.

About a couple of pounds of bowel with fecal man, give it all away.

Pardon.

Well, probably because of the vagotomy, I had less digestive acids, so sometimes I'd eat a high amount of fat I'd have very loose stools, diarrhea or loose stools?

That's an indication that I'm not digesting all of it and if I eat the fecal matter, I can digest a lot more.

[Kathy]

I ate some of the fecal matter yesterday, buffaloes, and I had two bowel movements today.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, ot of people who have constipation, that relieves it, and if it's the other way around, diarrhea, it helps reverse it the other way.

Eating shit is good, not very tasty.

I hate cooked vegetables.

.

.

.

(33) Raw Coconut Cream & Butter
No, even though it says raw, I demanded that they give me a letter from the producer

The producer told me that coconut butter, even though they call it raw and unheated in the, they pre-heat it before they juice it because it spoils so quickly from set 170 to 200 degrees.

So, he said, I cannot guarantee that it's under 200.

And then one of the latest it's on raw food, I mean it's called nature's first law, their website, they advertise a completely raw coconut butter or coconut oil and I got a letter from Dave Wolf saying that it was completely raw.

It was not even above 105-106 degrees.

Finally, I found the producer in Indonesia, and he says, it goes up to at least 118-120.

.

(34) Regeneration Of Brain Tissue
[Attendee]

What about regeneration of brain tissue, do you believe it's possible

[Aajonus]

Yes?

As I said in my book, it certainly did it for my son, it certainly did it for me.

I was autistic.

I was autistic from all the vaccines from the thimerosal.

[Attendee]

So, if you've got dead brain cells that's not permanent.

[Aajonus]

No, no, it's never permanent, but mine wasn't advancing as much- mine got to a certain point I probably reversed about 20% of the scarring in my brain in the first 6 years I was on the diet and then it just stopped completely?

.

.

.

(35) Root Herb Juice
[Aajonus]   That particular root herb

It's high in carbs, the problem with those juices is if you don't get them raw is any herb that you get any root that you get that's dried?

[Kathy]   It's not dried, this is fresh.

[Aajonus]   Fresh, then it would probably be okay in very small amounts medicinally.

[Kathy]   How would I take it.

[Aajonus]   Well, they say that it increases brain activity and balance and nervous system?

Well, you don't want much, any root is very, very concentrated, like ginseng.

You know, maybe about 10 drops.

There are 30 drops to a teaspoon.

So, you're looking at a third of a teaspoon if you're going to have something like that.

I find it's easier to grate a root like ginger, if you just want ginger and you want, let's say a teaspoon because it's very concentrated, it can burn you.

So, let's say I'm making a throat lozenge.

I'll take a raw butter and honey, about two thirds butter, one-third honey and I like ginger in it if I have a sore throat.

I'll take the ginger and grate it and squeeze it in my finger and get the drops out or take it between two pieces of marble or glass and press it either way and get more out of them.

Of course, you've got to press it between glass and marble, then you will squeeze it with your fingers.

Yeah, grate it.

Then you don't have to pull your juicer out just to juice a little bit.

Yes, squeeze some juice out of it and put it with another juice.

[Kathy]   Put it with your green juice.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, put it in your green juice?

Yeah, just one before you're ready to drink it.

One, serving, one 10 drop portion.

I found that if you're playing with very potent herbs that people who overdo it really have some side effects and it usually creeps up and gets them all at one time and it's, it's quite a chore to bring them out of it because it's more psychological, it affects the nervous system.

Causes people to get very anxiety stricken or panicked.

Probably one part of that is that all herbs, roots, bark, all of that contains high levels of heavy metals.

It's a natural part of the earth.

Water comes down, dissolves, rock, other creatures eat it.

Dissolution, worms, the plants that eat that the bacteria can dissolve the rock and absorb it into its tissue.

And then if we take it and juice it, we get those heavy metals too, as long as they're fresh and organic and not dried or heated in any way or steeped or even sun steeped, we won't have an ill reaction from those heavy metals.

They will not become free radicals in the body.

Once you dehydrate that substance, and you try to reconstitute it the enzymatic ionic electrolyte action coupled with those metals are gone.

They are not connected anymore.

It's like taking our sun and getting rid of the planets.

There's nothing to hold it in place, it'll just shoot around like a proton.

Our planets hold the sun in place.

That's the proton, the planets are the neurons.

You eliminate those and that proton goes shooting around and just like an atomic bomb that will split other solar systems, just like we'll do to cells in the body.

Free radicals are not a good thing.

There's mercury, there's strychnine.

There's all kinds of trace toxic metals if they're not ionic and electrolyte bound enzymatically utilized in food.

Anybody who takes a mineral supplement you're poisoning your body.

A lot of people feel good from it and from herbs, because what it does is, just like they used to use an formaldehyde and strychnine in the past as remedies.

You went to a doctor, and they poisoned you purposely just like they do with cancer nowadays, what that does is it poisons in the blood, the body has to deal with just taking care of those blood poisons and all detoxification stops.

That means if you have swelling somewhere that was causing pain, that swelling would reduce and stop, and that pain would usually go away because the body cannot tend to that damaged area anymore.

So, you had caused yourself more toxicity that will usually end up in that area while it shuts down the cleansing process.

Plus, your whole body is a little bit sicker, so you're not improving your health, you're just stopping the symptoms.

I would say a less harmful way of stopping the toxicity.

slowing it down is eating two, three ounces of cooked chicken.

That would be a favorable way because there's less toxicity that way than steeping and boiling herbs.

Yeah, but also there's a lot of people that believe in herbs still, even if they're on a raw diet a lot of people still take herbs and take vitamin supplements, which are all very toxic.

Well, it causes a toxicity in the blood, just like any kind of toxicity does.

So, the body stops the detox, the general intense detox that's going on.

I'm saying, if you can't handle the detox, if it's gone on too long and you're about to kill your girlfriend or your boyfriend or something like that.

Or you're going to kill yourself, then do something about it, do something differently.

I've first suggesting you use the nut formula with some meat and if that doesn't work, then kill somebody first and then eat some cooked chicken and that will help.

.

(36) Sensitive Teeth
[Aajonus]

Did you hear her question

When she went on the diet, her teeth were so sensitive that he was sensitive to cold drinks, anything?

Severe pain and sensitivity in the teeth.

She's a cosmetologist she'd been around hair spray.

Heavy metals.

Also the aerosol contamination.

It went into your brain.

A lot of it goes into the brain, because your inhaling it.

Goes into the brain and it comes out the teeth, damages the nerves.

.

(37) Silverware
[2004],[Attendee]

I've been wondering about metal silverware; some people have like silver spoons or whatever you shouldn't even those

[Aajonus]   Never real silverware, stainless steel is okay?

I don't like the taste of it, so I use wood mostly, or my fingers, hand.

[Kathy]   Don't use this kind of a spoon.

[Aajonus]   I'm not saying don't?

I'm just saying if you don't like the taste of metal use wood- wooden spoon, It's up to you, but if you're using silverware, real silver, there's mercury, there's lead.

There's all kinds of toxicity that- you know how silverware tarnishes that's a mold.

Flakes off into your food.

I don't care what stage it is.

Even if you can't see it and you just polished them.

That's a chemical, so a solvent gets into your food.

Stainless steel is fine.

Brass is again, highly mold reactive.

Well gold plated is okay, gold doesn't mold.

.

(38) Solvents
Well, there are many solvents, many processes that can do it

If you take coconut cream, which is best solvent that I've seen for metals.

What causes them to be cohesive, it'll go in there and just all of a sudden melt it, and then the molecules are separating sparse.

So, then your fat molecules, your fat cells, where your white blood cells can go in and bind with them and send them out of the body.

You know what a zit is.

A zit is a bunch of white cells, fatty cells, that chelates with toxins, and they're passing them out through the pore?

You may have 5 billion white cells pussing out of a spot that is only five or six molecules of something that is very dangerous, even to take cocaine and snort cocaine.

If they go on a good diet, you can better believe that if they have any lymph problems at all they're going to be putting out postulation all over everywhere because it takes 30 to 40 molecules of fat to bind new one molecule of cocaine to get it out of the body.

You may try to throw it out the kidneys or blood stream with congested lymph.

.

(39) Spinal Pain
[Attendee]   Yeah, I'm not sure if it's an accident-related situation, but I have pain in these fingers

I'm an accident lawyer, so I can through the cause and effects.

[unclear] , but these two fingers and also my right leg.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Nerve damage can come from so many things, you know, let's say you can have a center in the brain that's like Alzheimer's or Parkinson's you have a definite area in the brain that would be connected to those two fingers and your leg, right leg.

Those two fingers could be in your spine.

You know, something pinched or blocked up in the one up here that leads down to those two fingers and also the one down here leads to the knee.

So, if you have pain in the spine that relates- if it's the fingers it's up in here and if you have any pain or stiffness, you know, it's probably their problem.

If you don't have any pain or discomfort in those areas, you probably have brain or it's local and from a sprain or, you know, break or something like that or torn ligament.

But that will also mean some pain in that area along with the numbness, some aching, some strain, especially if you sleep on it, when the circulation's cut off, he goes into pain.

So, if you don't have that, it's the brain.

If you don't have either of those it's in the brain.

You have some neurological tissue that's probably dead.

[Attendee]   Injured or just a toxic condition.

[Aajonus]   Well, it could be either way, in an injured when you have mercury from a vaccine or a flu shot or anything like that, they all carry thimerosal, which is liquid mercury, and that'll cause that repeatedly?

.

(40) Teeth & Dentists
[2004],[Aajonus]

Well, you're talking about a subject that takes many, many years to

.

.

The question is how do you get a dentist to do what is compatible with the diet.

There is nothing compatible with about anything a dentist does, anytime they put anything in your mouth, they have to put an epoxy in there.

Just like you have veins going throughout the body.

You have tubules in the teeth, which take circulation and nutrients from the nerve into the tooth, and it passes into the mouth.

When your teeth are decaying, they're not decaying from the outside, they're decaying from the poisoning out from in the mouth, in the nerves, passing out.

Weakens the dentine.

Yes bacteria can eat away at the outside if the dentine is fouled by the poisons that are on the inside going out, but people who have strong teeth and strong bloodstreams, do not get cavities like the Eskimos.

They eat 90% of their diet was raw meat and only 10% that wasn't was that 10% was out of the three months of the year where they could get berries and other things and they had no cavities until 1886 and that was first cavity was the fellow who's eating the breads and sugar that the Germans have brought over for 50 years was the first cavity.

Anytime you put anything in the mouth and fill it, it has to be a epoxied in.

Therefore, you're going to contaminate the tooth more.

What I've done is when my cavities pop, I leave them alone.

I don't put anything back, but that means, you know, some of them are almost all filling.

So, those teeth, I've had three of them break because there was hardly any tooth in it.

So, I have a tooth that I had them make in Mexico because they will not do this here.

They are not allowed to give you a tooth that you can remove.

They have to cement it in and I don't want it cemented in cause I don't want that to epoxy in my mouth because I'm experimenting to see whether teeth can regenerate on this diet and I won't know for another 20 years, but I'm taking a chance, I'm taking a chance on losing my teeth.

I've got another one here that's made the same way because the tooth broke.

I mean, those teeth- the one back here, this molar, two-thirds of the tooth had been a filling and when it popped out, I let them go until there was no more decay, I had a dentist look at it every year, no decay for those 8 years.

And I left the filling out of it and it didn't break until I was ripping on some gristle and it broke, but that's what it took.

I mean, cavities, I don't have any more cavities.

All these open cavities, teeth that are wide open, nerves that are wide open, no pain, no decay.

I've got wide open fillings.

Because you have poisons that come out through the gums constantly, especially your milk because milk can carry toxic substances and metals from the brain and the brain holds the most toxic metals in the entire body and it comes out in the gums and that can be a solvent reaction that dissolves dentine.

So, you definitely want to brush.

[Attendee]   Dental cleaning.

[Aajonus]   No, I don't like that?

Every time I go there it causes my gums to recede more and they're telling me your gums are receding.

Well, every animal's gums recede throughout their whole life and there's not a problem with it.

They just make a lot of money on the cleanings and rip the shit out of the gums.

[Attendee]   Yellow teeth.

[Aajonus]   No, you have to realize again the contamination is coming through the tubules out to the tooth?

Take people who snort cocaine.

You see their teeth that turn gray.

That's because all that cocaine has gone down, gotten into the nerves and is leaking into the nerves out the teeth and it turns your teeth gray?

Oh, no, I've seen a reverse after maybe 12 years on the diet, people who had cocaine.

Yeah, but I was hoping for that, but I probably had so much chemo radiation, and so much mercury in my days from all the vaccines that I had, especially tetanus.

I hadn't been able to regenerate, and I got one kid, he was 22 years old, he had a huge cavity pop out, in a year it was completely filled in, you know.

I'm not like that.

I'm too toxic.

You know, that would be wonderful.

Yeah, I remember one girl who had cancer and was vomiting a lot and her saliva was fouler than the oldest high meat that I've ever smelled.

It was worse than the Eskimo stuff that they buried, and she had to spit it out.

If she swallowed it, she would've been vomiting more  When she did swallow it, she did swallow more.

[Attendee]   What do you brush with.

[Aajonus]   I usually brush it with cream or butter and milk?

[Kathy]   Not mixed with the clay.

[Aajonus]   You can, if you would like to Polish your teeth and help get rid of some heavier plaques, if you have it deep down in your gums, mixing a little powdered clay like the Aztec secret clay with the butter or cream and that'll act as a jeweler's rouge and polish them?

.

(41) Thyroid
(42) Tomatoes Hydration
[2004],[Aajonus]

I will do that with tomatoes too

Probably three weeks ago I couldn't eat enough tomatoes.

Probably the vitamin A, it's also a good way to get rid of dehydration, biggest way to eliminate dehydration.

Celery juice, tomatoes are the best.

Non high fruit concentrations of sodium.

Sometimes when the body is utilizing fat it starts to dehydrate when detoxing old toxic fats because it has to pull in extra fluids and I don't like to drink water because it's leaching and it's very non-nutritive, so I like to use something with enzymes and electrolytes in it.

So, I use tomatoes or vegetable juice to correct that.

[Kathy]   Can you juice some tomatoes with the vegetables.

[Aajonus]   No, I would eat the tomatoes?

You don't have to have them together; I'm just saying those two forms are good ways to take care of dehydration.

Your body can digest much of the fiber in the tomato skin/peel, but there's a lot of vitamin D and A in the skin itself and if I only digest a third of it, it's a lot.

.

(43) Toxic Farts
[Attendee]   Is it toxic to smell your own farts

[Aajonus]   Laughs  That's the first time I've ever heard that question!  Question is, is it toxic to smell your own farts?

[Attendees],[Aajonus]   Laughs

Any gas that's produced from toxicity will be toxic even if it's your own.

Well, high meat may cause a breakdown of toxic substances in your body that creates a toxic gas.

So, it's still gonna be toxic if you can get to a window or don't eat cooked foods, and then you have to worry about.

Unless you're eating too much green and too many berries and it can cause farts and then it's usually a metallic fart.

.

(44) Toxins From Shooting Guns
(45) Vegan
[2004],[Aajonus]

Well, when you're a vegan you're eating lots of whole vegetables and that destroys your enzymes in your system

The bowels are normally acidic, in a vegetarian they're over alkaline.

So, most of the bacteria is destroyed, that's why they usually have no bowel movements unless they're eating high fiber and if they stop eating high fiber and go on this diet, they usually have constipation quite a while.

So, it depends upon the number of years that they've been vegetarian, but they will reduce their ability to digest more and more foods every year.

You're not going to get a vegetarian to eat cow shit.

Yeah, it would help, definitely help.

Absolutely.

To restore it.

A lot of you laughing, but every animal eats shit, except humans.

.

(46) Weight Gain
[2004],[Aajonus]

Your leg, your back or where

[Attendee]

Is there anything I can do to heal or strengthen that knee?

[Aajonus]

Not that you'd be happy about?

Tony is a model.

[Attendee]

You have to get fat.

[Aajonus]

Yes, that's the only way you can heal those parts quickly is to gain a lot of weight?

It's like- is Frank here.

Okay, Frank?

He finally got up to a very heavyweight and he says, oh my God, I know what you're talking about.

He said, I feel so grounded and so good now and that's the truth.

When you gain plenty of fat, fat and happy is a reality because yeah, I said, you know, why.

.

.

[Attendee]

What if you're 300 pounds.

[Aajonus]

Well, it depends on- I mean, if you're a wrestler, you're keeping active with all that weight, maybe it'll work for you, and it can be very good?

So, it depends upon the individual.

I had one client who was 5' 2.

5'' and she said, she's not short, she's just scaled down and she got up to 160 one time and that was pretty big.

It's bigger than anybody in this room, close to your size and she felt so grounded and so happy, and it wasn't a problem for her, and she had more health progress in that six months that she stayed that way than I'd ever seen her go through.

So, it's an individual thing and I've got enough.

I gained as much as 60 pounds.

When I was very thin, I gained 60 pounds, all that cream.

I was eating a quart of cream a day, plus a brick of cheese a day.

I was putting it on, I gained 60 pounds in like four months, five months and I felt wonderful, and all these girls were attracted to me.

It was incredible and I could take care of them all too.

I had five girls at one time.

I had all this energy and power, it was great, and they all showed up at my door at the same time, within a half an hour of each other and guess what I did, I went to a motel and let them stay together for the night.

I was very honest, I let them all know I was going with all of them.

So, they had a good party.

They had a great time.

They all got along, and I had a good time with those girls.

So, being overweight and being not beautiful.

It's usually not a problem, it's the psychology of getting big.

.

(47) Weight Gain 2
[Attendee]

â What should I be doing with your diet

.

.

[Aajonus]

Well, you need to put on some good fat first.

The whole diet plan, if you're asking for something like that you need to make an appointment with them.

Usually when you're that overweight you will lose weight on the diet, come to a point, gain some for a little bit and then start taking it off.

And then usually after about 4 years you never have to get that big again.

I allow women to go.

.

.

don't allow.

I like women to gain at least 12 pounds over their normal weight.

Men, I ask them to do 15 to 30.

I'd ask women to do that, but they're too vain.

And they're a lot healthier once you gain that excess weight, just like Frank.

We finally reached that high point, he says, God I know you're talking about it's so good.

Big difference.

When it's the raw fat.

How long has Frank been on it now.

[Darlene]

1 year and 8 months?

[Aajonus]

Now I remember when Frank called, Darlene was in the background.

He said, "I think about going on your diet and my wife thinks you're out of your mind".

Darlene's in the back, "Don't do that diet, what are you crazy.

You're gonna get really sick!"?

I hear her doing this whole thing in the back and Frank's trying to have a conversation with me.

[Darlene]

That's when I weighed 105.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, so she's calmer and happier and she's on the diet too.

[Attendee #2]

The weight gain you're talking about.

Is it distributed.

[Aajonus]

Yes, his is very nicely distributed and usually in women it may- if you have a lot of?

.

.

women because of the high hormone content around this area, they store lots of they're toxins.

They have more fat to bind a little more toxins and if it's a bad cholesterol it'll store in certain areas, and it's usually around in here where they're generating a lot of hormones to bind with the poison, because especially if they were on a fat free diet or limit their fats.

They're going to use hormones to chelate with poisons instead of normal fats, blood fats.

So, they store in these areas, cause cellulite and it'll dry up and get harder and just keep going through the body, build onto it and then when you have to go and dissolve it, you dissolve a little layer at a time.

So, it causes swelling temporarily until you have it pumping out for 2.

5 to 3 years like I say in the book, unless you've had a C-Section, then it could last 8-10 years.

if you don't have enough blood fat, that's why I like people to gain weight during that period, so that they'll chelate with them, so they won't have a problem with them and get rid of them.

Otherwise, we're just going to stir them up in the blood, get them panicky, upset, depressed, angry, and it goes right back into this tissue again, into the organs usually.

Pulls it out of here and put them into wherever there's fat in, and if the fats in the glands that's where it'll go.

It can, because if your body wants to use those hormones to help you burn.

Yeah, get rid of it.

Definitely will.

.

(48) White Teeth
[2004],[Aajonus]

More butter and that makes a great dental

.

.

[Attendee]   And that'll make your teeth whiter.

[Aajonus]   I doubt it?

Again, whiteness comes from the toxicity coming from the brain or the mandible going into the nerves.

So, over the years as you clean out those nerves, then you have nerves and tubules that go into the tooth without fillings, then of course their circulation over the compound in the tooth to make it white.

Otherwise, no it won't  Nope.

They all contain mercury.

They say tell your children not to swallow it.

A warning notice on it.

[Attendee]   They don't say mercury on it.

[Aajonus]   Cause it's a trace amount, they don't have to say, unless it's a certain amount?

[Attendee #2]   What about hydrogen peroxide.

[Aajonus]   For the teeth?

Well, you burn your gums, it damages cells, and you said it burns, but you put it on your skin and cause a white spot cause it burned the cells?

[Attendee #2]   What about drinking hydrogen peroxide.

[Aajonus]   Not a good idea?

I said in my book certain people could use maybe five drops of hydrogen peroxide in a certain solution, but that was just certain people.

I haven't seen any of those.

.

.

I spent a whole time talking about it, so if you missed it.

You need to talk to somebody else.

Clay, butter and cream.

[Attendee #2]   What about mouthwash.

[Aajonus]   Lemon or lime is great for a mouthwash?

Yeah, just squeeze it in and mix it around and spit it out with some bubbly water.

And then mix it with some like Gerolsteiner or Perrier.

That really won't cleanse the toxicity out of the mouth, but it'll help with the smell of the mouth.

The parsley e helps break- like I said in my book, parsley juice helps break down bacteria in the mouth, and then you can use ginger, all those things will help bad breath.

.