(1) 1918 Flu Epidemic Pollution
(2) 5 Hours Without Eating
(3) Affects Of 2 Drops Of Mercury
[2005],[Aajounus]

They cause severe damage

Just give you an idea of some of the damage that has occurred.

If you go to Calgary University in Canada, their website, you're gonna order a DVD, which shows what happens if you put a 2% solution of mercury into neuron development.

Now, all neurons on any species, no matter if it's an insect or a human or a bird.

No matter what it is, all neurons develop and grow the same way.

So, all of the brain develops the same way no matter what species you are.

So, you see all these neurons growing and they've got this DVD and they put a 2% solution of mercury and all of a sudden, you just see them disappear, just eats them away.

And then they have another phase of that DVD where they show that a molecule of mercury will cause an entire cell or group of cells to lock to that one piece of mercury, and that's what causes neurons to disintegrate.

Aluminum doesn't do that, and a lot of the other heavy metals don't do that.

The heavy metals and lighter metals don't do that.

The mercury does it every time, and there's a lot of mercury in everything, everything that's in our environment, and if you ever used merthiolate or mercurochrome, those are liquid mercury antiseptics.

If you've ever had vaccine, you've had liquid mercury injected into you with almost every vaccine, and they store in the body and if they get released into the blood or neurological system, they'll cause a deterioration of the nerves and the neurons in the brain.

So, that has a tendency to collect, and that's what causes your major diseases because your farmers didn't get the flu, your farmers didn't get the black plague.

It was only the concentrations of city people who got it or the city people who were so poor that they were thrown out into the farmlands and some of those got it.

And they say, well, it all happens at one time, and if I had given you some poison in the food and everybody ate it, within a few hours, all of you would be sick.

Well, the same kind of contamination will happen progressively about the same time.

The major incidence of your poisoning, the reaction from it, the body's attempt to detoxify it will occur in a greater number of people within the same timeframe.

Some people will be more contaminated sooner, some people later, but the majority will all get it about the same time.

.

(4) Baby Wont Breathe Until Out Of Placenta
[2005],[Attendee]

And you grab your knee, and she said it was so much smoother than I was like, wow, I'm making notes on that one

[Aajonus]

And you don't have to worry about the baby drowning.

The baby will not breathe until it's off that placenta.

So, if the baby comes out in the water, you don't have to rush to keep it from drowning.

It can stay in there for two hours until the placenta drops.

The baby will not start breathing unless you smack it or the placenta drops.

You could smother an infant and you will not smother it.

You could smother it, keep it from breathing after breathes for five minutes, take your hand off and it'll start breathing again.

It's used to not breathing it's whole life and it can go back into that very readily.

.

(5) Best Juicer
[2005],[Aajonus]

I've already done that research pretty heavily, and the green stars is the only one where in my laboratory test proved were efficient

There's a lot of propaganda out from other ones, especially the Norwalk, which is a $2,300 juicer.

You grind it into one process and then you press in another, it double oxidizes.

In the green star and the green machines, they have two gears, which crush it and they're stainless steel, and some of its even surgical steel, part of its surgical steel, the recipe for surgical steel.

So, it's good.

It's not plastic pressing against plastic, its metal pressing against metal.

If you have plastic pressing against plastic, like with the single gear juicers out there, you have the phthalates that generate gases from the plastic and PBA, PBD, PBBS PBAs that gas into the food, which are highly poisoned.

So, your green stars, your green machines are the better ones.

and it's right.

[Attendee]   There's another company that patents the parts for green star and green star hasn't updated it since 1993.

[Aajonus]   It's not supposed to last four days, it's supposed to last three days, so you're taking it too far.

I use the green power cause the juice is faster.

t's a larger machine.

It's a larger horsepower, and it cuts about 5 to 10 minutes out of juicing if you're juicing lot large batches, but that's because they have a larger screen.

The green star has a screen that's about this big, the Green Power has ones this big and the gears are about of 3/4 of an inch longer.

So, there's more grinding space and it's $100 more than a green star You can have it delivered to your door for $438 if you call John Lyshire with natures something.

The Greenstar from him, that's more like $350 delivered to your door, so if you're juicing for more than one person, then I would go for the green power.

Now they're not producing more of the Green Powers.

They're not manufacturing more of them, So they probably have maybe 500 machines left in the world.

So, when they're gone, they're gone.

John L Y S H I R E I think it is.

Too many of the parts were cracking, but I had one for 10 years before I bought the new one.

I bought the, the new Greenpower Kempo, and it's so fucking small and it took forever to choose with, so I went back to the old one.

The green power Kempo is just a little bitty model, it's smaller than the Greenstar, so I just gave it away.

Green Power Gold, Green Power Kempo, are the same company, however the Kemp is so small it takes forever to juice.

The new technology is Kempo, and it takes too long to juice and you have to stop and clean it and clean it and clean it.

So, the old technology is better as far as time and production.

Stick with the Greenstar and go with the Green Power, but not the Green Power Kempo, Green Power Gold.

There are 500 machines left, probably not even that, they do have parts, still parts available, but mine cracked all over the place when I was doing coconut and I got replacement parts and it's just don't screw those screws in too tightly, that's the thing that cracks it.

So, I had it for two years without a crack in it, I had some guests over, screwed the hell out of it while I was out of the house and they cracked the machine by doing coconuts, just because they screwed those things into tightly, and that's what caused it to crack, but the Green Life and Greenstar were made by a different company, an offshoot, not a different company.

There were partners and they split and one of the partners made the Green Life and then the green star, And the original company, that partner made the Green Power Gold, which was the original and the Green Power Kempo.

But the Green Power Kempo has great technology.

It's so small, it's a pain in the ass.

.

(6) Biokleen For Cleaning
[2005],[Kathy]

Yeah, I was thinking of, I know you told us to use the Biokleen for the laundry stuff, but what if you have a stain in your clothes

Was there something else?

[Aajonus]

No, I still use the degreaser, Biokleen degreaser, for everything?

But don't follow their instructions and dilute it.

If you dilute it, it doesn't work.

.

(7) Carbs Vs Fat
[2005],[Aajonus]

Well, carbohydrates burn fast, but they don't burn long and they don't give you stamina, and they also make you crazy

[unclear] and like the other ones that throw golf clubs and throw tennis rackets, and that's high carbohydrate fast burning fuel.

But if you want to be a good athlete, you just need to eat a lubrication formula with your meat so that your pyruvate is slowly portioned out and your burning fat, not high carbohydrate.

So, there's not a lot of waste.

You get 2.

5 calories with fat, over 1 with carbohydrate and protein.

So, that's why your wrestlers are all fat, that's why your weight lifters are all fat.

Your bodybuilders are mainly muscle, and not fat, but they don't have stamina like an athlete.

So, more fat, but it needs to be on a balanced system.

But if you're an athlete, you need to have a lubrication formula with your meat meal.

Say, for instance, I had Lucky, he's not here today, but you know he's a skinny guy.

Like James was a really skinny guy when he first came.

These people came to me in their fifties, and I think lucky was 56.

And he'd been on the diet for years, and he said, "Hey, can I bodybuild on this diet".

And he always wanted to be built really well, but he was really skinny, 6' 1", and never able to do it?

And I said, "Yeah, just eat a lubrication formula with your meat meal, eat a whole pound of meat at one time with a whole lubrication formula twice a day".

It's very good for lubricating the body and reversing delipidization, which is dryness in the system.

No, like I said in the recipe book, as long as the lemon is mixed seven minutes beforehand the lemon juice is utilized in the fat, not in the meat.

So, it has to be a balanced diet again, but it just may, may need to have more pineapple to get rid of the uric acid and lactic acid build up from exercise.

Lucky.

He put on four inches in his arms in two and a half months, six inches on his chest, and at Golds gym, they accused him of using steroids.

He says, "I'm telling you, it's the raw butter, the raw eggs and the raw meat".

Sure, sure.

He couldn't believe it because he'd been skinny all his life, and in 2.

5 months he filled up.

Bananas are a little difficult on the liver, and they have a tendency to cause constipation.

So, they're a little bit more difficult, when they're green, they're better.

Apes, and monkeys, except for the killer monkeys, eat bananas with the peel, they eat the peel and all green, it's alomy, oh my God, I can't even get enough saliva to swallow it that way.

But that's the way the apes and the monkeys that aren't killer monkeys eat them.

So, the killer monkeys go on these killing sprees after eating 24 hours of overripe fermented fruit.

Ripe bananas and figs.

, and then they go on a killing spree wow.

All that high sugar rips all the fat out of their nervous system.

.

(8) Cats Wont Eat Old Meat Only Dogs
[2006],[Aajonus]

They shouldn't be drinking green juice

If they want, they'll go ahead and eat some grass and get the chlorophyll.

[Attendee]

Okay, but it won't eat any old meats.

[Aajonus]

Cats usually won't eat old meat, only dogs and vultures, and the others Cats like fresh meat normally.

[Attendee]

He's got dandruff.

His furs really soft, but he's still got dandruff.

[Aajonus]

Then he's just got a lot of toxins coming out through the skin.

You have to understand cats, dogs do not perspire through their noses, mouth and asshole, and the penis.

It's the only place they perspire.

So, when they throw toxins off, they're not broken down.

So, it goes into the skin, gets built into the skin, dries out the skin and flakes.

And that kind of dandruff is is what causes so many allergies in people.

It's just years that you're going have to feed her properly, until she's not throwing off all those heavy metals out through the skin causing dandruff.

.

(9) Chl Birth I Nwarm Water, Ublical Cord
[2005],[Attendee]

Child birthing, I heard that the native American Indians believe that when a child is born, you should keep the umbilical cord attached h and it will automatically stop for the baby

How long does that last if the cords still working after the baby's born.

[James]

The answer is each one is different and the cord will stop pulsing and you literally can just lightly hold it?

You can feel it when the heart the beat is gone, and that's when you clip it off.

[Attendee]

Is it like 10 minutes.

30 minutes?

[Attendee]

Oh, it can go up to two days?

[James]

For me, it was anywhere from a half an hour to like two hours.

[Attendee]

I heard if you nurse it immediately it soothes the baby.

[James]

A lot of times the baby won't nurse.

They don't know about the breasts yet.

They just want to be close to the heartbeat like when they were inside in the warmth.

[Aajonus]

That's why I suggest people have babies in warm water.

[Attendee]

That totally seems so natural to me to do it that way.

[Aajonus]

And the women who've been on the diet, who've had babies have had babies with only two contractions.

The last five that were born, two contractions.

They crown with the first contraction, and pass it out in the second contraction.

[Attendee]

Is it because we're.

[Aajonus]

Yes, you're better?

Because on a cooked diet it's impossible for the woman's body to work properly and all of those children were able to hold their head up at birth.

The placenta is the baby's liver until it starts eating.

So, the placenta can live two days if the mother doesn't have any milk.

You just have to keep that placenta warm if it drops out of the uterus.

Usually if the mother's not producing milk, the placenta will stay attached and won't let go until the mother starts producing her milk.

[James]

I wasn't on the raw diet those days.

Placenta was the big issue was when that was going release and on its own, and you saw doctors.

.

.

In most cases, three or four hours.

In most cases with most of the women that I helped give birth, the placenta came out in 2, 3, 4 hours.

[Aajonus]

Most animals like the apes it comes out in 2 hours, and the female eats it.

So, you gotta eat it joking.

.

(10) Coconut Oil For Sunblock
[2006],[Aajonus]

I think it's a good thing

I always prefer using something that's whole, rather than an isolated something.

However, if I use the coconut cream when I'm using a sunblock, it doesn't work as well, but if I use the coconut oil, it's a great sunblock.

.

(11) Coconut Oil In Hair
[2005],[Aajonus]

The coconut oil

If you're going to put it on your scalp, you wanna put it on like your palm or on a plate, just a very thin layer.

Put it on, separate your hair and go like this and put it all on your scalp.

You get your hair too oily; it may look cool.

.

.

.

(12) Coconut Oil Vs Cream
[2005],[Aajonus]

Coconut cream is not the same

The coconut cream soothes the tissue, coconut cream and coconut oil are very different.

Coconut cream is soothing and healing as well as detoxifying.

Coconut oil, and all of your pressed oils are mainly solvent reactive.

They mainly help degenerate, dissolve toxicity in the system, so they can help break down the fungus easier.

However, the coconut cream might feed it.

.

(13) Cooking Meat, Uric Acid
[2005],[Jim]

Pains like I'm having like Kathy, her foot is crystals, and apparently, it's inability to process uric acid

Wouldn't even raw meat be increasing the uric acid.

[Aajonus]   It wouldn't no?

If you don't digest the meat or you cook it.

Are you partially cooking your meat.

[Jim]   No?

[Aajonus]   Okay, then don't worry about it.

You don't get any added uric acid from raw meat.

It's only excessive uric acid from eating cooked things.

No excessive uric acid from raw meat.

[Attendee]   You can't possibly sear meat on the barbecue.

[Aajonus]   Part of it, maybe a third of it's gonna be toxic, two thirds won't be?

So, you're gonna use a third of the two thirds that's nontoxic to negate the toxicity from the third, so you can have a third of it that's good.

[Attendee]   But technically it should be on a pan, right.

[Aajonus]   You shouldn't be cooking it at all at all?

I would say barbecue is better than pan fried.

Frying is the worst thing you can do.

It keeps turning over the heat of the fat molecules reburning them and reburning them.

Over the fire it's dripping, you're losing it, but you're not going to eat the recooked and recooked fat molecule.

But as long as you're not putting any kinda lighter fluid on your charcoal.

Propane is quite a bit of toxicity in the gas.

like any it's like any kind of gas.

Natural gas is different.

Natural gas doesn't have that kind of toxicity.

.

(14) Cucumber For Erection
[2006],[Aajonus]

It's like a Viagra

Yeah.

It's not like Cialis, which will work 36 hours, but it will certainly keep you, like I had last night.

I was thirsty and I just didn't want a tomato.

I didn't want anything else, but a nice cool cucumber.

So, I peeled the sucker and I ate it.

I had an erection all night.

I woke every few hours and this Woody was there and nobody to do anything with.

[Attendee]

Do you eat the peel.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, but I didn't find it worked as well?

There's something in the pulp.

And they allow 5% petroleum.

[Attendee #2]

I agree with you.

I'm glad you mentioned that because Jeff and I just got into a little discussion here, but I've noticed that they're even if they're organic, they're wax and I always peel 'em.

[Aajonus]

Peel em anyway if you have an erection problem.

.

(15) Dhea
[2005],[Attendee]

What about the DHEA

[Aajonus]

DHEA is a chemical?

If you get it in a brain, it's fine, but the chemically produced DHEA is not a complete substance.

It's a chemical.

It shouldn't even be called DHEA.

.

(16) Dont Clean Baby
[2006],[Attendee]

The Native Americans used to rub in the afterbirth into the baby's skin because t's actually the moisture, whereas in the hospital where they, they immediately wash it off, and that's why a lot of the infants get the chapped flaky skin

[Aajonus]

It's already in the tissue because they've been soaking in that for almost 10 months.

So, it's in their skin, but they'll usually use antiseptic, a detergent to wash the baby.

[James]

I did everything with the home birth and in many cases the skin would start to shrivel because they'd go wash the baby off, and they did learn that if you didn't wash the baby off, most of the time that didn't happen to that intense degree.

Because that goes away fairly shortly after, a day or two, that doesn't last long.

Are you pregnant.

[Attendee]

No, no, but we've just been fascinated by this?

Well, actually we will in a year hopefully, but a friend of ours had birth through a midwife and it's interesting that she had her first child in the hospital and she tore and Benjamin was actually maybe six pounds, so he was smaller.

She just had a midwife and she had a baby about a week ago and this baby was larger by two pounds, she didn't tear and it was a midwife and she said the pregnancy was so much smoother, and she said it was great.

[Attendee #2]

Well, she's been on a similar diet, 80% of the diet since the last kid too.

She put on weight.

.

(17) Ebola, Mosquitos Don't Spread Disease
[2006],[Aajonus]

And that's the way it was done

That's the way you get rid of like the Ebola.

Ebola is manmade and it is not contagious through mosquitoes.

It's never ever been proven.

And if you look at the behavior of a mosquito, you'll see that only the female bites.

She's got a proboscis that if it were on me would be about the length from here to here.

When she goes in, she digs down in and she bites every cell in a pool, in an area.

So, she creates a pool of blood.

They do not cast saliva.

So, they eat all around.

If anything were to get a piece of saliva or anything in there, doesn't matter because what does she do.

She sucks up the whole pool of blood, every bit of it?

So, if any of her saliva got into that pool of blood, she's already sucked it up.

It's gone.

So, they pull down and they don't even eat it.

She doesn't eat it.

She goes back to her larva and the larva feed off of the blood.

So, the myth that mosquito transport disease is absolutely ridiculous.

It's another thing like you'll get parasites if you eat raw meat.

It comes from a myth.

It does not come from any laboratory science.

[Attendee]   Then when they say West Nile, this guy died from West Nile.

What are they seeing in his body that they can connect it to west Nile.

[Aajonus]   A lot of them will call any kind of a retrovirus activity, they'll just give it a name?

[Attendee]   They're saying the mosquitos have it here right now.

[Aajonus],[unclear]   Yeah, but that's your Dow chemical, Monsanto wanting to make a hundred million every time they drop on a city.

They make fortunes doing that.

[Attendee]   They do that here in Riverside constantly.

I'm hearing it on the news and I'm just like ughh.

[Aajonus]   And there's no evidence, but because the politicians are completely ignorant biochemically, they accept anything they're told, and of course who's behind it.

The chemical industries, doctors, the pharmaceutical industry and the chemical industry doctors are all behind it?

So, don't worry about getting some kind of a disease from a mosquito or a swamp or anything like that.

.

(18) Eggs + Milk For Respiratory Problems
[2005],[Aajonus]

Anytime anybody has respiratory problems, including breathing; eggs, eggs, eggs, every hour, hour and a half to every two hours a day

If you need mucus and usually allergies become because your body's not creating enough mucus to block the pollens and the dirt that are in the air, so they get in there, irritate the mucus membranes.

They dry them out more, they cause all the sneezing, the runny eyes cause the body's trying to break that down and take it out the tear ducts, out the throat, the nasal drip, out your ears.

It's trying to dump it.

You're a lacking mucus production, so you need to eat things like milk cream, honey, and eggs together.

But if you're having problem digesting like with people who have emphysema; egg, egg, egg, egg, until that point where you can digest properly, then it's milkshakes, milkshakes, milkshakes.

So, you can produce enough mucus to heal and protect yourself.

.

(19) Epidemics Are Pollution
[2006],[Aajonus]

They definitely got rid of those

They could have stopped a lot of those deaths, but they didn't want to because if they get rid of them, then they can allow a lot more poor people into this country to work at very low wages.

That's what it's all about.

[Fred]

Can I just quickly throw one thing on the last one.

You kind of said that it's the people who got treatment are the ones that died?

Cause my question on it was like flu is a detoxification, right.

[Aajonus]

Flu is a virus?

You can have bacterial detoxifications, mainly colds, anything that's bacterial, but flus, they say are all viral.

Virus are not alive.

Viruses are soaps made within the cell because the body's so contaminated or a cell is so contaminated.

.

.

So, the cell or environment around the cell is so toxic that bacteria, parasites or fungus cannot break it down.

So, the body makes soap solvents to dissolve it.

Just like we have compounds, which will break down oil.

It can disassemble and make it into a more water soluble substance, but what happens when you have that, you have a whole bucket of contaminated fluid, and that same thing happens in your body.

When you have bacteria, parasites, or fungus eat things, it reduces the contamination to a small amount.

.

(20) Flexibility and Hot Water Bottle
[2005],[Aajonus]

That's gonna take time

You need to submerse it and the water to be at least 104°, and leave for about 45 minutes at a time.

[Attendee]   Take a hot bath.

[Aajonus]   No, cause then you're taking care of your whole body, your body's gonna use your nutrients on your whole body?

If you want to focus on one particular area for cleansing and healing, you've gotta only focus on that spot, that area.

Otherwise, the nutrients in your body are gonna be all used up on your whole body if you're getting into a bath.

So, that will help.

No, you don't have to move it, but if you want to that will help.

.

(21) Flu
[2005],[Aajonus]

But when you have virus, it dissolves it and there's no consumption and resolution

There's no shrinkage in the bacteria.

There is a greater substance to be removed from the body.

So, it's a lot more contaminating.

It's not an easy detoxification.

So, when these people are so contaminated with industrial pollution that they can't use bacteria, parasites, or fungus help clean, they have to go through the viral and a lot of people will not survive that viral detoxification because they're not healthy enough.

[Fred]

Oh really.

Detox can kill you?

[Aajonus]

Viral detoxification can kill you?

[Fred]

Oh really.

[Aajonus]

Absolutely?

[Fred]

Yeah.

[Aajonus]

Getting more poisons and more chemicals, makes it worse.

.

(22) Flu Vs Bacterial Detox
[2005],[Attendee]

How do you know whether you're going through viral detox

If you have the flu, whether it's bacteria or viral?

[Aajonus]   Flu is always viral.

Cold may be mostly bacterial.

[Attendee]   Achiness and throwing up is the flu.

Aajonus]  Yeah?

See, when you have a cold, it isn't so bad.

You can work, you can function.

The detox is normal, but when you have a flu, it's can be overwhelming because of all the mass contamination, mass contaminated fluids that have to be expelled from your body.

No, you want to go do more perspiring, hot baths to get it out, more smoothies, I mean, lots of milkshakes, maybe more fruit, more smoothies if you're having a viral.

.

(23) Foods To Increase Memory
[2005],[Aajonus]

The foods that will, usually fish and chicken together, or fish and beef together, and if combine eggs with that, make it a three process

You have the complete proteins that help the synapses, the axions and ganglia reaction.

Fish, chicken, and eggs, or fish, beef and eggs.

.

(24) Gas Masks
[2005],[Aajonus]

Then drops malathion and stay out of the air for about 30 hours

Try not to go out, unless you're wearing a mask.

I keep one in my car.

I keep an Israeli gas mask in my car.

It's got two compound filters, so I look like I'm fly.

I cover my entire face.

An army surplus story is where I get them.

They're cheaper there.

Y2K, they were selling like, normally they're $19, and then during Y2K, they were selling the same thing for $50, $55.

[Attendee]   Why do you have that.

[Aajonus]   If there were some kind of chemical spill like malathion and I'm outside or in my car?

I keep it in my car.

I also keep one in the house just in case.

$40 for two of them.

[Fred]   Do they remove poisonous gases.

[Aajonus]   It helps because they they're compound filters?

So, you've got HEPA filters and you've got charcoal filters and they're compound, they're about eight layers for each canister on each side.

[Kathy]   Do you wear them for driving.

[Aajonus]   In Asia, the Asians don't mind?

They're not as ego centered as we are or vain and a lot of 'em go around with masks on.

When I'm in Asia and I'm on the highway there, or whether I'm in a car or on a bus, or on a motorcycle, I'm wearing a mask.

Because they use diesel, too much diesel and that's a lot of worse.

[Attendee]   They have bandanas all around their face.

[Aajonus]   They make these things like this and they go around your ears and you just breathe right through it.

I mean, it's not compounded, it's not for gas.

[Kathy]   You couldn't bring one out there to here.

You could buy one, and bring it home.

[Aajonus]   If you got a problem here, you want a compound one to filter out gas?

That mainly filters out particles, it doesn't filter out gas.

[Kathy]   I'm talking about air pollution.

[Aajonus]   It will help filter out the heavy particles, but not the gas.

[Attendee]   We have a couple of those gas masks, I forget, how long does the filter last.

We've been told anywhere for two hours to?

.

.

[Aajonus]   Well, it depends on what you're exposed to.

[Attendee]   I just wear it when I'm painting and stuff.

[Aajonus]   Well, if you're painting, they'll last probably couple of weeks, about eight hours a day.

If you're actually in some tear gas they're gonna last you maybe an hour and a half.

What it does is stops cleaning and then the gas starts affecting you, but these were made for gas masks.

For military gas and gas bombs.

So, the epidemics and all of that, it's mainly pollution.

You don't hear it with native tribes, unless somebody's come in and poisoned their environment, coming down with any kind of disease that knocks them out.

[unclear] in the early seventies.

He was a British writer in Brazil and he was investigating it and he was in the bars in Brazil when these people were coming in, paying them $1,500 a week to slaughter as many natives out in they're in the Amazon as possible.

and poisoning them.

That's a commercial warfare, business warfare.

Business is just like a government.

If they want to overpower and they want to take possession of resources and property, it means killing people, getting rid of them, especially the welfare classes.

.

(25) Grinding Meat, Use Food Processer
[2005],[Aajonus]

Usually, your electric grinders are high pressure, and when you put meat into a high-pressure grinder, it homogenizes the fat molecules

Homogenization means it splits the fat molecule, so the fats absorb the protein.

So, then it isn't digested properly to regenerate cells become younger and more alive.

What it'll do is help you generate fuel, pyruvate to burn as fuel or for detoxification.

But if you want to get stronger and younger and heal properly, don't have ground meat, unless you put it in a food processer, and I grind mine.

I just put it in long thin slices and then put it in my food processer, and it turns on for three seconds, I've got ground meat with no high pressure, quickly.

Sometimes you can chance it if you tell them to use the large stiff holes, not the small ones, and they put it through the high pressure and tell 'em put them only to put it through one time.

They don't like doing it.

Stainless steel's fine, but most of your meat grinders are made with pop metal and not a real true stainless steel.

[Attendee]   They flake into the meat really bad.

[Aajonus]   Yep.

I mean, metal flakes in your field.

[Attendee #2]   Wow.

So when you buy ground beef at the grocery store, is that.

[Aajonus]   That's what I'm saying?

It's not good.

[Attendee]   Well, I've never had metal flakes in the grocery store, but I don't buy it because of the homogenization, but if you buy a home grinder from the store like those kitchen stores, they're all flaky metal.

One use It was like sparkles, I had Christmas decorations.

[Fred]   If someone developed a hand crank stainless steel, that would be okay.

[Aajonus]   It would never hold up?

For some reason it doesn't hold up.

If they did, they would be producing them.

For some reason meat under high pressure is not easy to put through, and if you buy one, they're $3,000, if you buy a good one.

So, if you want to spend $3,000, go ahead and get a good one.

So, any ground beef from the grocery stores.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Is not good.

Not good.

Unless you ask them to grind it only once and use the large holes.

[Attendee]   But they still use cleaners in their grinders and all that.

I just don't trust it.

[Aajonus]   They use ammonia and don't clean it out properly.

A food processor is so easy to clean and, you just put your chunks in there just like they do, they'll cut it into big chunks when they put it into the meat grinders in the stores and you would have to do it too if you had your own grinder.

I just make mine long thin slices, and then I'd mine in my food processer, and three seconds you have ground meat.

10 seconds you have mince, pate.

So, it's very quick and it's pretty easy to clean and you can make a big batch of that and put it in glass jars, tightly sealed and make it for a couple of days at a time.

.

(26) Hernia
[2005],[Attendee]

I've heard from even people on the diet, that the only way for a hernia to be cured is through surgery

[Aajonus]   I agree.

[Attendee]   You agree.

[Aajonus]   I've only known one person who is able to heal their hernia?

I've known four people who've had hernias that over a three-year period, period on the diet did not heal them because they keep bursting out and pushing and tearing, and there's some kind of toxicity in the surrounding tissue that won't allow proper healing.

There are ways that I would attempt to do it now, but I haven't had anybody with a hernia lately to be able to experiment with.

[Attendee]   So, people are having a surgery are complaining about that the surgery was a problem also that mesh that they put in there.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, but see, they're not using the pork mesh.

I've had two people use the pork mesh and it's been beautiful.

They use actual pork flesh, as opposed to plastic mesh.

This is what they used to make sutures out of, cat gut.

They make the mesh out of pig tissue, pig guts.

[Attendee]   It really affects it too, depending on what I eat.

Sometimes when I eat beef, it causes a little bit of pain.

[Aajonus]   Well, that's just because your body may be going in there to clean out some of that toxicity because of the high protein level.

So, you just need to know what particular toxin is there, and the only way I can tell that is by photographing the eyes.

[Attendee]   I'd love to be a guineau pig if you wanna try stuff on me and document it before I anything before surgery, you know.

[Aajonus]   Okay?

But you're gonna have to- I've tried for three years with people without- didn't get worse, didn't get better.

[Attendee]   Cause I've heard that it gets too bad, you need major surgery.

That's what I've heard.

[Aajonus]   That's true if you're on a normal diet, but on your, this diet, I haven't seen anybody get worse.

It's just annoying.

[Attendee]   Well, this has gotten worse over the last year.

[Aajonus]   Well, are you 100% on the diet eating properly at the proper times.

Okay, I rest my case?

.

(27) High Meat Works
[2005],[Attendee]

I had a question about high meats

Can you talk about those a little bit.

I haven't been able to?

.

.

[Aajonus]

Well, I talked about it pretty extensively in the recipe book, but it works.

It takes people out of poor digestion, people who have poor digestion and depression.

Usually brings people out pretty quickly.

A lot of people that don't respond quickly enough on regular meat do very well with high meat.

The reason that the high meat works isn't necessarily just because of the introduction of bacteria into the intestines that are missing bacteria.

It's because the bacteria's predigested the molecules of protein in meats.

So, let's say normally in digestion, you're lacking couple hundred varieties of bacteria that normally break down the complex proteins and help form new proteins to be utilized in your body, doesn't happen.

Eating the high meat helps that because the bacteria is already working on the meat, breaking it down.

So, when you're eating it, especially if it's in liquid form, it's already predigested, you can absorb it and utilize it instantly.

.

(28) Hydrogen Peroxide In Sparkling Water
[2005],[Aajonus]

You can do that, but let me tell you, if you use the carbonated mineral water to take a stain, remember that carbonated water is a natural peroxide

It's going to take the color out of whatever it is.

So, even though it will get rid of blood stains and everything immediately, and other stains, you better rinse it out immediately because you will take the color out of your furniture and clothes and rugs and everything.

.

(29) Lactose Intoleracne and Aajonus Milk Schedule
[2005],[Attendee]

It has to do with whether there is such a thing as lactose intolerance

If so, how do you know you have it, and if you do have it know your regular diet, what can you use to replace it.

[Aajonus]

Okay?

Lactose intolerance is a too broad a term for people who have allergies to milk because it usually is the casein that they're allergic to, but it's because it's cauterized, it's cooked, it's pasteurized.

Out of all the people that I've seen, only about 2% of the people have an allergy to milk and that's because it's cold, they're drinking cold milk.

So, what happens.

They drink the cold milk, the stomach contracts, doesn't secrete the hydrochloric acid?

By the time the stomach is relaxed, the milk is moved over into the duodenum and getting into the blood.

So, the lactate and the casein is not being digested.

So, they have an allergy to these large molecules that are not digesting and getting into the blood.

[Attendee]

How would you know and what would you replace it with in the diet.

[Aajonus]

If you start having stomach cramps or nausea very shortly after drinking it, within 20 minutes?

[Attendee]

What about exhaustion.

[Aajonus]

Exhaustion doesn't have anything to do with a milk intolerance?

You have to have cramps or nausea.

[Attendee]

If you do, what would you replace it with.

[Aajonus]

You don't replace it?

You just have your milk warm.

It has to be out at least 8 to 10 hours.

I leave mine out 24 hours minimum.

What I do is I take 28 ounces of milk, I'll add 4 tablespoons of cream to it, and 2 tablespoons of honey and I blend the honey with some milk and then pour it in there, and then they add the cream to it and I shake it, and this is after the milk hits room temperature.

So 5, 8 hours after it's in a dark cupboard.

Keep it out of the light because the light will turn it bitter.

Whether it's unnatural light or natural light, turn it bitter.

So, you put into cupboard, let it get room temperature.

Then I add my honey and cream, then I let it sit for 24 - 48 hours, till it becomes kefir, and then I put it in the refrigerator.

Then you can drink it cold because it's already predigested.

The casein and lactate's already broken down.

24 to 48, until it starts getting thick in the refrigerator and then it's really pasty.

[Attendee]

How long does it keep in the refrigerator.

[Aajonus]

I've had it up to two weeks in experiments and if it separates, you just shake it?

.

(30) Liver Problem, What To Eat
[2005],[Aajonus]

That's a liver problem

You gotta eat some lemon with your butter.

Don't eat much cream for a while.

Minimize the consumption of avocados, eat more pineapple.

Eating custard, pineapple with the coconut cream and all that other stuff.

[Attendee]   If you drink a lube formula, and you feel nauseous, should you not drink it or should just drink it anyway.

[Aajonus]   Put more honey in it?

If you're getting nauseous from a lube formula, you put more honey in it so it doesn't cause nausea or eat some cheese with it.

Because it can be one of two things; that the liver is having a problem digesting it.

the liver's gonna start throwing off poisons into the stomach, that causes nausea.

Cheese will absorb it.

Honey can circumvent that by giving the liver lots of enzymes to be able to break down the fats properly, so it doesn't have to throw off all the toxicity into the stomach.

Two ways to do it, or you can do both.

Eat more honey and cheese.

[Attendee]   Do you wanna make yourself throw up.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, it's good to throw up if you want to get rid of those poisons quickly, you can do it?

But you've lost a lot of butter, poor cows worked very hard to make it.

[Attendees]   Laughs  .

(31) Lower Back Pain, Bath & Yoga
[2005],[Attendee]

So about three or four years ago, I started getting like, can I ask personal health questions

[Aajonus]   Yeah, as long as it's something I can answer?

[Attendee]   I started getting a pain in my lower back right above the sacrum on the right side, and it also goes into the front, and it actually made me like numb and limp on the right side of my body, and it goes all the way up my spine and causes my shoulder to be like this and it kind of like starts there and goes up there, makes me kind of limp and stuff on my right side.

[Aajonus]   Well, if it were kidney related, you'd turn a little gaunt, and your urine would probably be a little stronger and even burn.

So, did those symptoms start at the same time.

[Attendee]   No?

[Aajonus]   Then you've probably just got a pinched nerve.

The vertebras sit on top of each other like this and there's gaps on either side.

If they go out of place, they squeeze those nerves and that causes the information from the brain not to get to the kidney or back from the kidney and the intestines because it goes all around the organs from the spine, it goes back to the brain.

So, if that transmission of information gets blocked going both ways, you've got some serious problem, even numbness and you're crippled.

Paralyzing type reaction.

So, in order to keep those aligned properly, you need to heat the system.

It's good to get into a hot bath that's at least 103°.

Sit in there for a half hour - 45 minutes.

Then get into the plow when you get out.

Everybody know the yoga AND the plow.

So, you get on your back and you bring your butt up into the air and put your knees down here or over your head, so your feet are touching the floor above your head?

So ,you stretch the entire back and you wanna hold that position for as long as you can, but you don't want to do it until your back is relaxed enough from the hot bath.

That way, when you stretch everything, it will stay loose.

If you do it while you're cold and not relaxed, you're already tense and tight, and those vertebrates are being held out of place.

So, if you put it back in place by doing the plow within a few movements, you're gonna go out again, cause it's gonna twist out cause those muscles are contracting and you're gonna pull it right back out.

But if you've relaxed it, and then you get into the plow or go for a chiropractic adjustment when they pull you back out or you go into that stretch, everything gets stretched out and it goes back into its particular place and all the muscles will be relaxing and less out of place, until you get tense again or get cold.

And that could be a day and a half, two days or five hours depend about how cold you get.

Get cold again and go out of place, you're gonna have to put the hot water bottles along your back or get into the bath again.

.

(32) Lymph Massage
[2006],[Aajonus]

They tickle my whole body while I sleep, and let me tell you, when I wake from those I'm charged

If I have a deep tissue massage, it's like I need to go sleep more, I need to eat, and I feel uncomfortable because you have all these toxins moving through your system and you may have caused a lot of damage.

[Kathy]

What do you tell them.

You just say to do it lighter?

[Aajonus]

Well, I take their arm and I say, "You treat my whole body this way"?

And they say, "Everywhere".

[Attendees],[Aajonus]

Laughs

I say no! For massage, sleep?

[Attendee]

No happy ending.

My happy ending is waking restfully?

If I want sex, I'll do it another way.

.

(33) Mad Cow Disease
[2005],[Attendee]

Do you know anything about mad cow disease

Do you know anything about what would happen if someone ate those cows?

[Aajonus]

I ate mad cow meat?

From 1993 to 1996, I went to Paris frequently and stayed a month at a time, about three months a year.

On the last trip my girlfriend said, "If you're not gonna marry me we're over".

So, we were over laughs.

But when I was there, I was eating meat out of Carrefour supermarket.

On the flight home, I pick up a magazine and it said Carrefour supermarkets had been selling mad cow meat from England for that entire 3 years that I was eating it, and I wasn't affected
You've got to eat the brain and nervous system and mainly that mad cow disease is coming from dewormers.

The chemicals that are put along the spinal cord on the back of the animal.

It's a dewormer and there's heavy metals and it goes in poisons the spinal cord, goes to the brain and makes mush of it.

So, if you're not eating the brain in spinal cord, you're really not going to get any kind of that metal poisoning, unless you're getting lots of vaccines.

You're getting lots of vaccines, those could go to the brain and create the melting of the brain, which they would call, call CJG which is mad human disease.

.

(34) Meat and Lub Forula For Weight Gain
(35) Night Terrors
[2005],[Attendee]

Night terrors and she takes capsule for them, and I wanna know what you know about night terrors

[Aajonus]

Nightmares occur to burn off hormones that are not burned off during daytime?

Usually somebody who produces a lot of hormones for physical activity.

So, if they're not exercising, you're gonna have nightmares or they're going be emotionally distraught and angry and bitter.

[Attendee]

They're not nightmares, they're night terrors.

[Aajonus]

You wake up terrified, you know.

What are night terrors?

[Attendee]

They're totally different.

You wake up, there's no recollection of what happened and you wake up, you're awake, like some part of you is awake while you're asleep and you could do things, draw things and say things and you can't get out of it until you go back to sleep and then wake up again.

[Aajonus]

Sleep walking, like that.

[Attendee]

Yeah, pretty much?

Although, you don't really move around that much.

[Attendee #2]

I know a little bit about them.

They usually are to do with trauma that's been unresolved in some way.

[Aajonus]

But if you have any kind of neurological problem, brain malfunction, it's a lack of protein, and you should be combining all three kinds of meats to help the brain.

.

(36) No Fruit Juice
(37) Ocean, No Lake Or River Fish
[2005],[Attendee],[Aajonus]

You said that you could eat any kind of fish that was raw, but I'm not sure-

I didn't say any kind

I said wild ocean caught fish.

No lake caught, no river caught, unless you know the river is up on top ofthe Colorado mountains and isn't.

.

.

.

(38) Organic Pastures
(39) Peel Cucubmer For Erection
(40) Pineapple Everyday Okay For Athletes
[2005],[Aajonus]

Half a pineapple a day for what

Four days in a row?

He was a basket case.

For me, If I had probably a cup a day every day for six days, it would be a problem.

Well, I like people to go to somebody who has experience and is aware of it.

He's the man to talk to.

You have to be careful about that.

That's why in the book you can have a pineapple mixture every other day, maybe every third day, but don't have it every day, unless you're an athlete.

.

(41) Pineappleto Break Down Uric Acid
[2005],[Aajonus]

May need more pineapple more regularly to get rid of the uric acid and lactic acid filled up from exercise

.

(42) Preservatives and Colors Are Heavy Metals
[2005],[Attendee]

When I went raw, I noticed that if I did get blood on anything, it would wash out like that with no

.

.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, you don't have all that sticky garbage from cooked diets.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

So, before a lot of it is that blood stains so much cause of being on a cooked diet

Yeah, and preservatives and colorings and food colorings and all of that Those are heavy metals so that causes dying.

Not just death dying, but color dying.

[Lewis]

Gerolsteinerr mineral water could possibly take the color out.

[Aajonus]

That's right?

Just look at my couch in there.

I got three spots where I put it on and didn't wash it down right away.

Took the stain out immediately, also took the color with it.

.

(43) Ridges Are Heavy Metals Also Dandruff
[2006],[Aajonus]

Ridges in the nails are usually heavy metals being built into the nails

When you've got heavy metals running in the blood or in the system anywhere, they have a tendency to magnetize other metals.

So, when it builds into the nails, it's too large of a structure, too large of a unit, so it creates these ridges, the body built it out It's one way the body gets rid of it, builds it into the nails to get it out.

It also does it into the hair.

.

(44) Side Pain On Foot
[2005],[Kathy]

I wanna know, because I have a side pain in my foot right here

It comes and goes.

It's like a bee sting.

[Aajonus]

Feels like a bee string, burns.

[Kathy],[Aajonus]

Not burns, but like a sharp goes in and out like a-

Stabs?

[Kathy]

Yes?

[Aajonus]

Sharp stabs or dull stabs.

[Kathy]

Sharp stabs?

[Aajonus]

Sharp stabs, that sounds like crystals.

Some kind of margarine or vegetable oil crystallized in your foot.

So, just put some coconut cream on your foot and coconut oil and let it help dissolve it from the outside in.

[Kathy]

Twice a day.

[Aajonus]

You can do it twice a day?

It does take a long time to dissolve.

.

(45) Storing Vegetables
[2005],[Attendee]

Concerned that we're gonna be there year-round and they have a long winter, so we're not sure what we're gonna do for vegetables

We're gonna try and put a green house in, but growing our own celery is gonna look like a field of celery.

[Aajonus]   Well, you can make a lot of cucumbers.

You just need a cold cellar.

At my grandparents farm we kept everything fresh in a cold celler and I mean it was a basement that was rock and concrete and it was wet and cold down there.

And they kept cucumbers in gallon jars, and they were hardly shriveled at all as long as you didn't open them.

Of course, they made pickles and all kinds of things for the winter.

[Attendee]   So, whatever the temperature is at that point will keep year-round basically.

[Aajonus]   Basically, yeah.

When you're 10 feet below the earth, it pretty much stays the same temperature, which is about 60° and lower.

58° to 60°.

Even if it freezes above, it won't freeze in the cold cellar, unless you have a vent that allows even colder air to come in because you want it to get colder.

If it isn't cold enough, then you just run a vent down there, a concrete vent that has a cover on it, doesn't get wet.

It also has to be above the ground, so if it floods the water, won't go down into your basement.

.

(46) Strict Primal Dieters
[2005],[Aajonus]

50 people that I knew would do it strictly

They wouldn't do anything else because even with the Paul Cohen who was a champion tennis player years ago, Olympics, and was McEnroe's coach for 10 years, he's 100% or he won't do anything else because now he's in his late sixties and he needs all the direction and energy you can get.

So, he does it by the letter, by the amount, the times of the day, everything exactly, and one year he fought with me, got skinny and he decided to do everything differently, and he was so off balance that year, his income went down, everything went down.

So, a year later he was coming back and apologizing.

Now he's a 100% on the diet.

.

(47) Swamp Water Okay
[2005],[Aajonus]

Or a swamp or anything like that, the worst thing that's gonna happen if you drink swamp water is you're gonna get some diarrhea or some vomit

If you're in Mississippi, that's different.

You've got all kinds of chemicals that are swimming around from paint stores and gasoline, fuel tanks and everything are polluting the water.

So, that water's pretty poisonous.

But in Asia with the Tsunami, the water wasn't contaminated and they were going over there giving injections and everything else.

And then Mississippi, did you see their photographs where they were decontaminating people.

They're spraying these people with this white foam stuff, which was mainly ammonia.

They were decontaminating them, poisoning them.

.

(48) Test From Tesicles
[2005],[Aajonus]

If you're eating bulls' balls, you're getting good testosterone that way

[Attendee]   Eating what.

[Aajonus]   There's Buffalo testicles?

There are a couple very horny guys.

[James]   More than half of them are women that take them.

[Attendees],[James]   Laughs

Either they're using them for themselves or for their mate.

I have been cashiering and more than half This last Wednesday were bought by women.

[Aajonus]   No kidding.

Tell them buy cucumbers with them.

.

(49) Tinitis Heavy Metals
[2005],[Aajonus]

I've seen people with tinnitus who have a metal ridge that takes up a large part of their mouth, causes tinnitus in the ear where the metal is

But most often it's cause a lot of metals are detoxing from the brain.

Just remember that neurological transmission of light and information is transmitted off of metallic minerals.

So, most of the heavy metals go to the brain, and because you cooked your food, people have cooked their food, almost all of them are fractionated from their normal combination of nutrients.

So, there's a lot of people like Sally Fallon and a lot of chemists that say, you've gotta release those molecules to be able to utilize them.

That is absolute hog wash.

They're poisonous once they're isolated, they're not properly utilized.

If you've got a mineral, you shouldn't have just H2O connected with it or let's say a potassium molecule.

There should be about 12 - 13 combinations with one molecule of one mineral.

There should be a whole unit because when they're isolated, they are earth.

It is a rock.

It is not a complete biological substance.

When the brain detoxifies, it detoxifies out the ears, the tear, ducts, the sinuses, the gums mainly, mostly it's the gums and the tongue.

That's why people get plaque all over their teeth cause the body's dumping all those cauterized minerals out the teeth, out the gums and they take on the teeth.

If the heavier metals go out the ears, they'll cause tinnitus.

You've gotta eat berries.

It depends on if it's light metals or heavy metals that're causing- it could be iodine.

Lots of iodine with a little lead that can cause that kinda ringing.

If you really want to get clean it out, you gotta add berries.

Combination of raspberries with some dark berries, coconut cream, a little butter and a little raw cream, and honey,  If you can't get them organic in season, you can always get the organic, frozen berries for that combination, and it's not something that goes away easily because heavy metals, itcould take a thousand fat molecules to get rid of one molecule of mercury, and if you got ringing, you've got quite a metal build up there.

It's causing you to receive radio wave, and other waves that are causing that ringing.

.

(50) Toenail&finger Fungus, Antiobitcs, Bacteria, Mold
[2005],[Aajonus]

She asked, why do people get toenail and fingernail fungus

You get a fungi mainly because of antibiotics storing the joints?

And just remember that antibiotics are made from molds they're molds, from wheat or some kind of grain, and they inject it into you, sterilize them when they inject them into you.

So, it creates a mold that eats other bacteria molds, mainly what the vaccines and the antibiotics do is they poison the digestive tract and the bloodstream and neurological serum.

They poison them and they cause the destruction of many cells.

So, it doesn't really stop and improve health.

What it does is it contaminates the body so badly that the body can no longer focus on what it was detoxifying.

Whether you have bacteria, parasites or a fungi, or a virus cleaning your system.

It's poisoning and a mass contamination that it causes directly in the serums and in the intestinal tract that stops the normal detoxification that was being carried on.

So, there's never any progress toward better health from those things, there's just more contamination.

When you get the fungus in the nails, whether it's toe or feet, or even fungus in the scalp cause it often happens around hair; in men it could be chest or back, butt.

Those fungi are mainly from antibiotics.

They become reactive again, the molds have created sub molds to help break it down.

Now, bacteria, parasites, fungi are all in nature to decompose waste products, reduce them into a substance that could be recycled.

So, what do we use as fertilizer.

We use excrement, we use secretion, urine?

You know, the nitrogen that we put in the fields, which these big corporations put in fields.

What they've done is they have these huge dairy companies that take urine from the runoff of urine from the cattle, they purify it and then go stick it out into the fields and pump it into the fields after they chemically process it.

So, it's got this ammonia and nitrogen in it.

And whats the other thing we use.

Feces?

All part of nature to recycle, to fertilize.

Same thing occurs in our bodies, the bacteria, parasites and the fungi have waste products.

Well, what they've done is taken a mass amount of food and they break it down into a small substance.

Parasite can eat a 100x its weight for about 20 hours, and reduce that amount into pieces that equal about 1%.

So, it's like eating a 100 pounds of food and having a 1 pound shit the next day, 20 hours later.

That's efficiency.

When you have virus working in your body, you don't have a reduction.

You have more of a contamination.

Bacteria can eat 50x their weight in the same amount of time and eliminate 3% to a 5% in a 20-hour period.

Fungi is a little different.

Fungi is like a cross between a virus and a bacteria.

There's a serum.

They go, they mainly propagate on a mycelium.

It's a liquid substance, which goes in and dissolves.

[unclear] looking substances on it or liquidity white.

That's the mycelium, the mushroom is the fruit of that, which creates the spore, so it could be thrown around when the rain comes and they wash into the earth.

If they find dead roots, mycelium goes to work.

That's the way the bacteria and parasites work in us and fungi.

When they find something degenerative, they go to work.

That's their job.

It's just like the crows and the vultures when they find a dead carcas, they eat it.

They consume all this massive stinky, smelly stuff, and reduce it to a small amount of fecal matter, which becomes fertilizer.

We want parasites, we want bacteria, we want fungi to do their work, to reduce this contamination.

We get well faster.

Virus, we get well very slowly and a lot of people will die from it, from viruses.

And there's no antibiotic that works with a virus because antibiotics are the poison that kill bacteria, parasites and fungus.

They don't work on non-living substances like a virus.

The virus is just a protein body.

You spike a petri dish with virus, there is no multiplication of virus.

It's all the same amount.

If you put live cells in there, all of a sudden more virus will start appearing.

Why.

Because the virus is created by the cells intercellularly?

Why are there 200,000 viruses.

Because when a cell has to make soaps to clean itself, it's not gonna make a soap to clean everything?

How many solvents do we have to clean different kinds of dirt, different kinds of particle, different kinds of oil.

A cell has to make a particular virus to clean a particular part of the internal structure or the epidermal structure of the cell itself.

So, it's a very finite process, and there's no way that any human is smart enough to create a good balance to know what the human body or an animal cell is doing.

So, the whole idea that we can balance and counterbalance whatever we do is a myth.

But people have an inflated idea of what their abilities are and capabilities because it takes a live structure and all the internal life within the structure to do it.

Oh, we have 60 trillion cells in our body.

Each one is part of the whole structure and takes care of us and itself.

And inside that cellular structure, you have 60 trillion micro life forms also making up that one cell.

So, it's infinite.

.

(51) Toxins Go In Bone Marrow, Hands, and Feet
[2005],[Aajonus]

The fungus is an important part of breaking down toxic substances, but they mainly come from antibiotics, and most of those antibiotics store in the hands, feet, joints, and the bone marrow

So, let's say it starts causing some deterioration in the cartilage or in the bone or the bone marrow.

The body throws it off and where's it throw it off.

Builds it into the nails and out the cuticles?

He had fungus all over and cracking.

Gangrene is a fungus.

And in the book, I talk about when I'm talking with my son, we're working and that mold’s coming out of my tongue.

What I found out it was penicillin coming out and I hadn't had penicillin for 20 years before that point.

.

(52) Tribes & Bacteria, Companies Pay To Poison Them
[2005],[Aajonus]

A lot of the epidemics in Hawaii and with the American Indians, they said, "Oh, there were viruses they couldn't handle"

These Indians were wiping their butts without washing their hands just like all these primitive tribes, eating raw meat without cleaning it right out of the Buffalo.

They were walking through horse shit all the time, dealing with horses and their tails fly all over and hit the flies and get E coli all over the place.

To think, to believe that these American Indians and the Hawaiians and all these indigenous tribes were dying because of some particular white man's disease, it's absolutely absurd.

If you look at some of the proper documentation, like if you read, I forgot the author's name, but he wrote savages and he talked about how the German, and British diamond mining companies, Coca-Cola and Pepsi Cola would hire Brazilians in bars, arm them with automatic weapons and poison and go around and slaughter the natives.

And if you put these particular poisons in their water hole, it looks like they got smallpox.

A lot of your diseases will look like smallpox or measles.

A lot of your poisons will look like that.

So, of course the thing is, "Oh, they got some kind of bacterial infection and disease".

No, they were poisoned.

.

(53) Unfrozen Meat and Butter
(54) Vacuum Packing Meat
[2005],[Attendee]

Starting the diet here and trying to stock up on meat and stuff

What's the deal about vacuum packing meat.

Is that gonna be an issue to try and and extend?

[Aajonus]   Yeah, it will extend the freshness?

I put all mine in glass jars.

[Attendee]   Right, I noticed that.

That's why I'm asking the question.

Is there a problem to vacuum pack it in the food standard plastic bags.

[Aajonus]   Well, the problem with your plastic bags is that they all have a powdery film that they use in manufacturing, so the plastic doesn't stick together.

It's petroleum-based chemical.

So, if you wash the plastic before you heat seal it, vacuum pack it.

That's fine.

But I wouldn't, unless you're going to take the meat out and wash it.

Rinse it off with good cold water before you cut into it and utilize it.

So, you do one or the other.

[James]   You are correct on that stuff.

I had a food saver and I had the material.

That material is very different from Ziploc bags.

That materials got a powdery film on all of it, because that's where they use it.

They don't know where you're going to heat seal it.

So, they cover the whole entire thing from one end of the roll of the other with that stuff.

A little simple.

What I learned iis and Aajonus knows this because for years at the beginning, when we were doing meat, we'd go to whole foods and buy meat within two or three days, it was already starting to go awfully smelly.

The reason why we found out mostly is because it's exposed to the air and the oxygen all day.

So, when we cut up meat, we cut it up and undo it from the vacuum pack package that we have and put it immediately into a Ziploc bag and it lasts for 7 to 10 days without going off.

But you can do even better as he says, take it from there and put it into glass.

It won't break down at all that way.

No oxygen, no breakdown.

[Aajonus]   Because if you pack it like that, the fat doesn't turn brown.

If you, you leave it in the plastic seal bags, the fat will turn brown within three days, four days.

[James]   It starts.

[Aajonus]   By the, fifth, sixth day.

It's brown.

Not as tasty.

.

(55) Vegetarian Lymph Congestion
[2005],[Aajonus]

You were vegetarian for most of your life and vegetable oils in the human body harden, they crystallize because we don't have a high enough body temperature

Herbivores have a body temperature, 100° to 101.

6°.

They run around with a fever, for us that would be a fever.

Ours is 98.

6° approximately.

Vegetable oils that are in the cellular structure or in whatever structure of our bodies over a 10 - 15 - 20-year period, crystallize and harden.

That's what causes hardening of the heart and the arteries, not animal fats.

Even if animal fats are cooked, there's no evidence of hardening of the heart or the arteries because the tribes that eat only cooked meat eat nothing else, but cooked meat and animal fats have no hardening of the arteries, and no heart disease.

Only our society has high relationship to that, and it's mostly in people, including MS, people who have multiple sclerosis is a high vegetable oil diet, margarine, safflower oil, any of the pressed oils, except for olive oil.

They start crystallizing and hardening at our body temperature over many years if our body is structured with them.

So, if you're putting pressure on points where you already have dryness of circulation, whether it's lymphatic circulation or neurological circulation or blood circulation, you're going to cause breaking and cracking.

But all you have to do is touch.

Touch, that's it.

Barely put your hand on a spine and you have the electromagnetic energy flow through to those centers.

There's no pressing necessary.

That's the best way to do it.

I mean, there's a lot of numb people out there, like to feel something.

I remember when I was an actor, my publicity agent was the head of MGMs publicity department.

When he reached 75, he cut his hand really badly one time and I wanted to help him stop the pain and everything.

He says, "No, it's a sensation".

I had to really stop and think about that.

You know, what the hell did he mean it's a sensation.

Do you get that numb when you're 75, 72 years old, that any kind of sensation is embraced?

[Attendee]   Massages are not good, really?

[Aajonus]   Especially if they're gonna break tissue in your body?

Whenever I go to Thailand, I usually have three massages a day, two hours each, and I only sleep at those times.

So, I have one in the morning from about 9AM to 11AM.

So that's a two hour sleep period for me, and the first one will be with the coconut oil.

It's gently rubbed into my skin.

.

(56) Well Water
[2005],[Attendee]

So, if that's well water, would we need a filter on the house water that's coming in for bathing

[Aajonus]

I don't have any filter on mine, and I've got all those clusters of minerals all around my faucets?

So, if you don't want that, you're gonna have to filter.

[Attendee]

But it's not bad for you.

[Aajonus]

If you're not using chemical filters?

[Attendee]

The minerals that you have.

[Aajonus]

No, it's just that you're going go through fixtures about every 10 years?

[Attendee #2]

So, the two things we're doing locally is that the behind contact in the water and they soften the water, which I'm assuming is salt processed.

[Aajonus]

Yeah.

They usually use potassium chloride, which is saltpeter.

So, you might have a limp dick if you drink your water or don't use it at all.

When I moved into here, I saw the bags of saltpeter, and I said, "You're not filtering my water that way".

So, I, re-piped the whole thing and did it myself.

So, I'm right out of the well into the house.

The toilet jammed because of the crystallization, so the water wasn't flowing anymore, except for the water just right down into the drain itself.

So, I just had to have the toilet replaced.

[Attendee]

What does that potassium chloride do to you.

[Aajonus]

Those salts make heavier salts that base them into smaller molecules, so it doesn't dry out things?

So, it doesn't make your clothes stiff and all of that.

[Attendee]

No, but like, is it toxic for your body.

[Aajonus]

Oh yes?

Very toxic.

.

(57) Where To Get Fluids
(58) Yoga & Longevity
[2005],[Lewis]

My question, uh, is the broad subject of longevity and re-youthing

In yoga, they talk about a number of ways of approaching this.

[Aajonus]

Let me attack that.

You're gonna break this down into the stages.

I'm gonna take one stage at a time.

The Yogi shit is all bullshit.

I've lived with seven masters and none of them lived anywhere beyond 80 years old, most of 'em didn't live that long.

They all had ill health.

So, they can't even talk about longevity because these people lived in meditation.

They lived in all kinds of transcendental states and they didn't improve their lives, they may have improved their lives, but they certainly didn't live without disease and they didn't live longer than anybody else.

[Lewis]

So, all the talk about meditating to induce improve the pineal gland for purposes of, regeneration is.

[Aajonus]

All complete bullshit?

In the vernacular anyway.

I'm not saying that if you weren't on raw foods that your body would not be feeding the pineal gland, and the pituitary gland properly would extend your life.

There are hormones that the body can produce.

Growth hormones are a part of the pituitary gland and if you can continue growth hormones, you can continue your life and live longer.

Mentally, psychologically, I have not seen any evidence of proof of that, even though it's written in all these yoga books and all these transcendental meditation books, it's all horseshit.

.

(59) Zinc In Zuchini