(1) Aajonus On God
(2) Aajonus Shopping & Food Prep
[2005],[Aajonus],[unclear]

I shop only once a week, cause I have to come all the way from a up in the mountains, and come all the way down here

So, it's 45 minutes to an hour trip.

So, I shop one day a week.

I get home, I cut my meat up in slices.

I put in quart white mouth jelly jars, lid on it, put it in the refrigerator.

I don't pack it so tightly that there's no air, there's airspace in it.

And I've had it last three weeks that way.

When I've had wild game, I've had in there for a year without opening it and opened it a year later.

To the day a year later, there was no odor to it.

The longest I've kept cultivated meat is three months without detecting any odor.

I keep the lid on tightly unless I'm making high meat, but then I keep it on tight in my refrigerator because I don't want it stinking up my refrigerator.

But if I got the refrigerator outside for my high meat, I let the refrigerator stink to high meat.

I almost said high heaven.

That will help presere your milk.

If you want your milk, just add some honey to it.

It will last longer.

[Attendee]   So, milk on the counter.

It's good for how long.

[Aajonus]   It's good forever?

It just becomes cheese.

if you have the cream, and honey with it, and it turns into kefir and then separates and part turns whey, you shake it or blend it.

It's right back the way it was.

It becomes emulsified again.

[Attendee]   What about fish.

[Aajonus]   Fish fish lasts about 10 days without stinking, but still, it's okay?

If you want to keep it longer, you could take just a little bit of lemon, and a little lime.

Lime is an antibacterial, lemon is a fermenter.

That's why they use lemon to make cevici.

Lime is an antibacterial, so it does not break it down the same way.

And again, keep your fish in jars.

Glass jars with a lid.

Everything will keep longer in glass.

Keep it in plastic that phalates gas, and they may cause phlalate gases to start reacting with the tissue, and it starts breaking it down into a foul odor, get really slimy.

So, put it in glass, takes a very long time for fish to even get that way.

Chicken will never get that way in glass, but it will in a plastic bag, even if it was a Ziploc.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]   I found the chicken to be the most economic

Oh yes, definitely.

Yeah, but you look like you have some symptoms of anemia, so you need the red meat.

[Attendee],[Aajonus],[Attendee]   But I got some buffalo shit

Laughs

Is it crucial that you cut the meat, and fish before you put it in glass jars.

[Aajonus]   It fits easier.

I mean you can slam it down in there, and try to get it out, which I've done it.

.

(3) All Shampoos Are Toxic
[2005],[Attendee]

All shampoos are no good

[Aajonus]

All shampoos, there's none of them?

Unless you make your own, you can take coconut cream blended with egg you got a natural soap.

Great soap.

Or you just use a raw egg on your hair.

Just make sure that if you use raw by itself that you wet your hair before you put the egg in it or else your hair is gonna smell like egg?

For some reason, if you put the raw egg on your hair, whipped eggs, so the yellow, and white are mixed together.

If you put that on while your hair is wet, it won't smell like egg for some reason.

[Attendee]

Some people put avocado on their hair, does that work.

[Aajonus]

It can, but your avocado oil dries into a black hardened oil?

It's not a smooth oil.

Because it's a hardened oil.

It becomes brittle.

Like if you leave an avocado out, you'll see it turn black and it'll flake, you know.

So, that's the kind of oil it is?

So, it creates like a firmer oil, so it will straighten the hair, and it's like putting a little bit of a hairspray in it.

So, it will keep a particular form or shape.

.

(4) Book Bioattack Alert
(5) Brain Detoxes Metals & Cooked Metals Mostly
(6) Breathing Exercises Good & Carbon Dioxide
[2005],[Aajonus],[unclear]

Pranayama are breathing exercises, yoga breathing exercises,

[unclear] means body movement exercises.

Pranayama is when you're holding one side to the count of 7, and exhale to the count of 7.

That's about what they say, but some people can only inhale to the count of 3, and exhale to the count of 3.

I can inhale it for a count of 90 seconds, and exhale for 90 seconds.

If I practice, I can do one inhalation, and one exhalation in five minutes.

So, I can really control, and lower my heartbeat.

That's what pranayama is, controlled breathing.

A lot of people feel that oxygen is very, very important.

So are carbon dioxides.

That's why people who have panic attacks breathe into a bag, and they get more carbon dioxide and that settle them.

So, oxygen is overrated if you're saying it's more important than carbon dioxide, it is not, they're both needed fairly equal.

That's why pranayama works.

You inhale.

You hold your breath to the same count, and you exhale.

So, you're exercising your lungs less, you're producing less carbon dioxide, and waste products because you're allowing by the use the oxygen that is has, and even reuse a lot of carbon dioxide.

.

(7) Butter & Egg With Meat To Generate Hormones
[2005],[Aajonus]

So, in the time to make the change over, it gets exhausted, and then it stops creating a hormone

That's only because you're not getting the right fats, and proteins together.

So, anytime you want to make sure that you're generating hormones, you have eat butter or eggs with meat.

Cream doesn't quite do it, except for maybe the pituitary gland or the pineal.

Well for all the other glands, it takes butter or egg with meat to generate hormones.

[Kathy]

You could use the lube formula maybe.

[Aajonus]

Yes, absolutely?

That would be better.

.

(8) C Sections
[2005],[Aajonus]

Cesarean sections are awful like I said in my first book, women who have C-sections will take minimum of eight years to revitalize this area to get normal circulation

You have to realize when they go in and cut, whether it's laterally or horizontally, they're cutting all of the circulation in.

Whether it's lymph, nerve, blood circulation, muscle.

It's all cut.

So, you've broken all the natural flows, and connection to that part of the body.

That's why when women have those, all of a sudden, they got these ripples in this skin that is not fed properly, and it's pretty weak, and damaged tissue, so they're not a good thing at all.

[Attendee]

Why do they do them so frequently or what leads to the problem.

[Aajonus]

Most doctors don't want to wait around in the hospital?

Their time is too valuable.

It's more valuable than your wife's stomach, and eight years she's going to take minimum if she's on a perfect diet to heal that area, but they don't want to wait two hours.

They don't want to wait 10 hours for your wife to have a baby.

They'll just cut her.

[Attendee]

Well, they'll use the excuse that there were complications.

They need to do a C-section.

[Aajonus]

If you challenge him, say what were the complications.

Prove it, they'll lose a lawsuit?

96% of the time they will lose because they're lying.

If you've got a baby with a cord around his neck, he's got a good argument.

The baby can be worked around, undone, but the mother could suffer a lot from that pain.

She may be in contractions at the same time, and the C-section might be a good idea or she's losing blood pressure, and you're going to try to save her life by doing it.

But that's only, you know, 2 to 4% of all the C-sections.

That means 96 to 98% of the C-sections are the doctor's time.

He does not want to stay in there waiting for the woman to have a baby.

I know my first wife, she went into labor, and the baby was 22 inches long, eight and a half pounds.

She's 5' 4, and you know, that baby split her all the way to the rectum and into the rectum an inch, and he was so big.

That's a different thing, but if she had been on a proper diet, and not been a donut, she'd have been able to withstand that.

.

(9) Carbs Store 90 % Ages
[2005],[Aajonus]

Go in there and eat it up

Eliminate it because we just eat too much of it or the regular.

We live too much on that in our lifetime, and we're full of it.

The Columbia University found that humans, if they eat carbohydrate foods, store 70 to 90% of the byproduct, even if it's raw 70 to 90% of the advanced glycation end products are stored in the body, human body.

That's a lot of sugar byproduct.

So, that's why we want to get away from eating too much fruit or at least eat green fruit, so we don't have all those high carbs.

We have more enzyme activity.

So, the body has to use yeast to eat up this toxicity or else it remains in the body and causes disease.

So, when a woman gets pregnant, she has to take care of that area pretty well.

Or if the years are forming in the liver, candida, which is more skin oriented, but it can also go internally in the intestines.

But there's lots of youth that propagates throughout the system, and they are necessary, they are all necessary.

.

(10) Chinese Were Forced To Eat Grains Cuz Slaves
[2005],[Attendee]

I'll try to ask you about things like old ancient healing techniques, like Tai Chi, Chinese medicine, I'm going to feel better, and they don't work

Why doesn't the old stuff work that they've been using for a long time.

[Aajonus]   Did everybody hear that?

He said why doesn't exercise, and the old disciplines like Chinese medicine?

Why doesn't it work for us now.

Ayurvedic medicine was geared toward your lackeys?

Lackeys are your slaves that do minion work.

They go out there and grow the rice patties, mine the rice patties, and the water, buffalo, and all the cows, and whatever else, chickens or whatever, they were only allowed to eat 10% meat maximum, 10% vegetables, 80% rice.

That was the rule.

That was the law.

If you were a warrior, you could eat 50% meat, 10% vegetables, 40% rice.

If you were royalty, you could eat 90% meat.

Why is that.

Because the higher, the rate of carbohydrates, the less you had emotional, and mental control, you were also hyperactive, and needed to be out in the field working?

If you were eating high meat content, you can be intellectual, and overthrow the government, and they did not want that.

So, I rebate, medicine was created for the lackeys, the servants, the slaves in the fields because they were not allowed to eat a lot of meat.

So, they had to come up with all these very contorted methods to try to treat them.

It was very difficult, and it didn't work very often.

[Attendee #2]   Where did you get that.

[Aajonus]   I was reading in a document from a Chinese scholar, and he translated it?

I forget which dynasty it was from; it was from 1100, and that was the law of diet.

[Attendee #2]   Is that the same for avurvedic medicine.

[Aajonus]   Yes?

They had the same thing in India as well, same thing with the lackeys there.

They never let them have enough money to be eating a lot of meat.

But when they started, like in the United States, everybody is becoming wealthy, or they can afford to eat a lot of meat.

So, what they did was they put it in law.

.

(11) Clean Teeth With Water Pick
[2005],[Aajonus]

If you want to do a good cleansing, deep cleansing

Get a water jet, and put carbonated water in there with a little bit of baking soda if you want.

You don't have to use baking soda if you don't want it to break up quickly, you can just use a little bit of lemon juice, a little bit of vinegar, and the carbonated water.

And you shoot that around in there, within a week you're going to be clean without all the brutality, and pain.

You shouldn't have your teeth cleaned at the dental office.

It will damage your gums and cause more pain.

Plus they usually shoot you with a Novacane, and that causes hardening tissue, hardening lumps in the face.

.

(12) Cococream As Shampoo
(13) Coconut Cream Lightens Skin
[2005],[Aajonus]

Um, of the more desirable women, if you're dark

So, they like to get light.

So, what they do is take coconut cream, and put it on at night, and it lightens their skin.

Every night you put it on, your skin will get lighter and lighter.

So, if you had that kind of consciousness, that's a natural way to do it.

Rather than bleaching your skin.

I like dark.

.

(14) Coppper IUD
(15) Diet Is Terrible Now People Used To Die In The Cold
[2005],[Aajonus]

But it depends upon what they're fed

The American diet up until 50 years ago, you had meat at every meal, the breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

You had meat at every meal.

Now it's once a day, maybe once a week.

It's the same garbage that they're handing people, and we're getting more and more and more disease.

And the, the false information that people are living longer has nothing to do with the medical profession, and it has nothing to do with our diets, healthy diets.

It has to do with, we are now sheltered from the intense cold, and the intense heats, which will kill people quickly.

Can you imagine a hundred years ago, you don't have a fire like that in your house, and you can't afford to burn one and you can't afford to get the wood because you're in a city where there is no more wood, cause all the trees have been cut down, and you can't afford to get wood.

So, you don't have a fire unless it's for cooking and you freeze at night.

A woman, unless she was Angelia's size, she would not be considered a good woman choice to breed children.

Because it's likely that she would survive every year, year after year, even if she had a baby in the winter, she would survive.

But this young lady would be a bad choice because she's so thin.

But because we have heat, and we have air conditioning.

That prevents all these deaths, and we're living longer only because of that.

And that is sole reason.

Take a look when we have power shortages in the winters, all of a sudden you have 230 people die in one night, cuz they don't have heat and we're not talking about just old people and young people we're talking about of all ages.

Because their blood gets too thick and cold and they die.

100 years ago, we didn't have heat and air conditioning.

A heat wave also, hundreds of people will die in heat wave without air conditioning.

And that is the sole reason that they can say people are living longer, and also, we have refrigeration, so we do have more nutrients in our food because they retain longer.

.

(16) Don't Eat Too Much Fruit For Teeth
[2005],[Aajonus]

Good dental practice

Keep your teeth.

Take care of your teeth.

Don't eat much fruit.

.

(17) Eggs As Shampoo
[2005],[Aajonus]

Or you can just use a raw egg on your hair

Just make sure that if gonna use a raw egg by itself, that you wet your hair before you put the egg on or else your hair's gonna smell like egg.

For some reason, if you put the egg on raw egg on your hair, whipped egg so yellow and the white mixed together.

So, you put that on when it's wet your hair doesn't smell like egg for some reason.

[Attendee]

I've been doing it dry all these years.

.

(18) Fat Vs Skinny Women
[2005],[Aajonus]

No, she was not skinny

I didn't say anything negative about that.

I favor fat and happy.

I'd much rather have an overweight, half overweight, happy mate than a skinny fanatic crazy woman.

[Attendee]   You got it.

[Aajonus]   Let me tell you, I dated Twiggy one night, and that was it.

I took her to a premier of Butterflies Are Free at the cinema.

This was the first night it opened.

The new APCO on Wilshire Boulevard.

So, we go in and watch the movie, everything is great.

We go out, I didn't want to fight with the the crowds, and the publicity and all that.

So, I said, let's go out through the back, the back fire exit, and we'll have the limo meet us out there.

So, we went out the back and the building supplies still in the back there.

Gosh, I hope that isn't locked, and I hope this wasn't locked and I just went to grab it and it closed before I got to it and it was locked.

She panicked.

She just went hysterical.

Oh, we're trapped in here, and she started screaming and crying and yelling.

And this went on for five minutes and I said, listen, just calm down.

All we have to is go to the door before you start screaming.

That was just the thought, you know, so it doesn't mean this could be locked.

The exit isn't locked, we went right out.

And that was the last time I dated her.

That was the last time I called her, you know, because I mean, she'd panic over something like that easily.

That's not the kind of person I want to be with.

And let me tell you, every skinny person I've ever dated is on that level of panic.

They don't have any fat to calm their system.

Men do too.

Not just women, men do too.

I was that way when I was skinny.

Maybe not quite that badly, not close.

.

(19) Forceps Used On Baby
[2005],[Attendee]

A woman I know recently had a baby, and during the birthing process, apparently there was some difficulty

The doctor had used a forceps, which I thought forceps were outlaw.

But anyway, apparently, they had actually used it on the baby's head, literally turned the entire fetus, and then pulled it out.

So, right now the baby's two weeks old, but already has deep scar tissue along here, and on here.

What are the long-term effects of a child being used the forceps, and can it be reversed.

[Aajonus]   I've known about probably 8 children that were forceps pulled, and I've seen pictures when they were babies, and they developed out of it fine?

I've seen 2 that did not, that were deformed by it, but they were raised on the worst diets you could imagine.

They got very little.

One was Asian, and the family was very poor, and the other one was Indian, also very poor.

So, they never had the meat to regenerate the tissue, and grow quickly while the baby was young, young enough.

But the other 8 did fine, but it depends upon.

.

(20) Fresh Vs Fermented Milk
[2005],[Aajonus]

Do you have a question

[Attendee]   Yeah, I just wanted to know about generally the role of milk?

Like I hear about people having problems with fresh raw milk, you know, not fermented.

Is fermented milk better than fresh milk.

[Aajonus]   Did everyone hear the question?

Is fermented milk better than fresh milk?

It always is because the fermented milk has allowed the natural bacteria- you have free basic categories of bacteria that naturally exist in raw milk, unless they're fed antibiotics?

[unclear] , and acidophilus.

Acidophilus breaks down the sugar, the lactate.

The bulgaricus breaks down the fats.

[unclear] breaks down the protein.

So, you naturally have the bacteria in there predigesting it for you.

Just like in the stomach, it all goes sour before you digest it.

Cause it starts breaking it down, but that's the bacteria, and the acids in your stomach doing it.

A lot of people are not very well to do that efficiently.

So, to let the milk ferment is always preferable.

Mine sits in the cupboard under the sink, dark cupboard out of the refrigerator, usually a minimum of two days before I drink it.

I like it wonderfully tasting though.

[unclear]   And that means that the fat is broken down higher than the protein and the sugar, and it causes it to go a little heavy and a little bit not so pleasant tasting a little bitter.

[unclear] to grow by adding a little honey, let's say a tablespoon and a half per court, and have about two ounces of cream.

The, the milk will always be delicious.

Even if it's down there, 2 to 3 days, just becomes kefir.

Any time it's predigested, you are going to get more nutrition from it.

If you let the bacteria that naturally exists in the milk perform that activity of predigesting.

You will encourage your own bacteria in your intestines to flourish.

If you make it with a cultured kefir grains or yogurt drains.

It will not do that.

Those are washed, those are bread.

Those are specific, and they're no longer natural.

They will predigest the milk substances for you, but they will not encourage your own bacteria to grow.

So, it's fine if you need to get well, and you need to digest, and you need the milk a little bit faster digesting cause of the grain you can digest it about a day quicker.

But preferably you let your milk digest on its own with natural bacteria in the raw milk.

.

(21) Fruit & Teeth Decay
[2005],[Aajonus]

You're probably eating too much fruit, and you're going to continue to do decay, and you'll need to have a filling

Now up until about two years ago, I still ate a lot of fruit, and I still continued to have a little decay.

Not a lot.

It was very minor, but it still continued.

Once I cut out the fruit or cut it down to one a day or less.

All the decay stopped completed.

.

(22) Hemeroids & Yearst Infections While Pregnant
[2005],[Attendee]

So, what causes yeasts, and hemorrhoid's and why especially when a woman's pregnant

[Aajonus]   That was about three questions Laughs?

There was a question about hemorrhoids.

There was a question about yeast infection, and there was another one about.

.

.

what was the other one.

[Attendee]   Why, especially when you're pregnant, why do they come up then?

[Aajonus]   Oh, why do a lot of, why do some women have yeast infections, have hemorrhoid's all at the same time when they're pregnant?

The baby has to be protected if it's going to live.

There's a lot of toxicity stored in all the tissues, and as that uterus is expanding, and those ovaries are still producing a protective hormone to keep the baby from dropping.

Your bodies producing mucus, that system is working harder than it's ever worked, and if there's toxicity in it, it has to be removed.

Can you imagine if you had some mercury or aluminum stored in a little area in your uterus, and it ripped.

It wouldn't heal.

The aluminum knocks out the Zeta principle.

The zeta principle is the ability for substances to stay emulsified, suspended in fluids.

If you take aluminum and drop just a pin drop, I mean just a tiny fraction of a drop into a gallon of milk, all the minerals will hit the bottom.

It will zap all the electromagnetic energy out of anything that's in it.

It is then not emulsified, and the nutrients will not be utilized properly.

Aluminum is a dangerous substance.

It's as bad as mercury because it can destroy your nutrients.

Mercury causes burning, and damage to the tissue, but it does no more damage than the aluminum does.

It's different damage.

So, if you have those in your tissues when you're growing and expanding with a fetus, you're likely to lose the fetus if you don't detoxify.

Hemorrhoids are always a discharge through the skin.

It's usually a heavy metal.

It's usually aluminum, mercury or cadmium or lead coming out.

And if you've ever had a hemorrhoid analyzed for its content un the pus that it comes out, or the blood that discharges from it, you'll find that it is very high in poisons.

Sometimes even medical poisons that are injected.

Most of those aluminum, and mercury come from vaccine in other medications that are injected.

But it doesn't just have to be those particular varieties.

If you shot up cocaine or shot up any drug, even if they were recreational, you still have those alkaloids, those heavy metals, those free radicals that will cause damage.

And if they cannot go through the intestines, can you imagine if you had a hemorrhoid in an intestine, you'd have an ulceration, a perforation, and you'd have peritonitis: possibly die.

So, the body puts it out through the skin in the rectal area or in the butt.

So, that's a very dangerous substance.

So, you don't want it coming out anywhere else.

Butt is the easiest way, and best way for the body to get rid of it.

Yeasts.

Again, those are sugar byproducts that are being fed on.

You have acrylamides, advanced glycation end products, yeasts that you've eaten in breads.

Just the sugar byproducts that have collected and damaged the cells.

The only way for the body to get rid of them is to breed yeast infections.

.

(23) Homosexuals, Aids and Cirrhosis
[2005],[Aajonus]

It is not factual

There's no proof that anybody has ever gotten aids from their partner, either heterosexual or homosexual.

It is a casual connection, not scientifically proven.

There are 273 couples where one of them has been infected for up to 28 years, and none of the partners have gotten it.

None of the partners have gotten HIV.

[Attendee]

But you're thinking the only way that it could move is by injection.

[Aajonus]

Injection.

That's it.

[Attendee]

So, I'm not saying wrong, but are there statistics that would suggest that.

[Aajonus]

Well, all the people that I know who got HIV all had the hepatitis vaccine?

That was the War Department's use of it.

They put it in the hepatitis vaccine because in the 70s and 80s, 90% of the people getting hepatitis were homosexuals.

They were doing a lot of drugs, a lot of amyl nitrate, and damaging the livers.

So, they were getting hepatitis, which is a virus which breaks down the toxic liver tissue, so that you can regenerate it and get well.

So, viruses are good.

We use viruses when we can use bacteria and parasites, and molds because it's too toxic.

They go in and eat that organic tissue, this pollution, get poisoned, and they die.

So you cannot use those to clean that liver because you've got all those heavy metals from the drugs.

So, the body uses solvents, which are virus, cellular made soaps.

.

(24) How HIV Was Made From Aids
[2005],[Aajonus]

No, AIDS is a faulty immune system, HIV is a virus, but it's manmade

Dr.

Strecker found that it was made at UCLA in 1961 - 1962.

They had created the virus by taking two viruses, one from the lymphonomic virus of a sheep, and one from the leukemic virus of a cow, spliced them together.

He tried to fractionate them 1000 times.

And every time they came in two, usually when you fractionate a cell it will break apart into five pieces, five parts.

Like we dismember at our joints, at are limbs.

This would always break in two, and he realized, wait, that this has to be a manmade splice cell.

So, he put the two sides together that matched, and found out he had those two diseases, took the names of those two diseases.

He was going to go to Duke, Harvard, Yale, Berkley, and UCLA to see if it were created in one of those major universities that were working with viruses, and he found it at UCLA.

He took the name of those two diseases and put 'em in 15 different ways that they may have called it, and it came up at UCLA.

That was given to the war department.

So, he called his brother who was an attorney, also a Strecker, and said, here's the situation.

You should look into it.

This HIV is injected by our war department.

See what you can find out.

So, he got a Senator from either Wisconsin or Minnesota to back it, and they started doing Illinois.

They went after the war department, and let me tell you, after they got all that information, both of 'em were dead in three months after the book was published.

Three months after the book was published, they were found dead.

What's the name.

Both dead?

Neither of 'em was suicidal, and they said it was suicide.

Neither.

'em had even a inkling of suicide.

No depression, no anything.

Anger, but no depression.

.

(25) How Long Food Lasts
[2005],[Attendee]

So, I'm relatively new to the raw foods diet, several months, and it's kind of a broad question, but whatever wealth of information you can help me with around economics tips

I'm finding one of the most interesting things for me is that I don't require as much food.

So, some of the quantities that I need to buy a milk for various things, I can't finish it.

Um, and how long do things last.

What orders should I things, economics is part of this question too because I find it expensive?

[Aajonus]

Very expensive diet, probably most the expensive diet in the world, unless you're living on heroin.

[Attendees],[Attendee]

Laughs

Any general information on the food keeping longer, so that economically it's more efficient.

[Aajonus]

Well, just remember food on this side diet goes bad?

The rottener that it is the more that it is predigested, no problem.

Our good friend here just brought us some century eggs, bacteria deteriorated eggs.

That probably was a year old cause it was as firm as a hard boiled egg in parts of it.

There were green molds in there.

There was gangrene in there.

There's all kinds of good bacteria.

It was quite tasty wasn't it.

[Attendee #2]

It was like a gummy bear?

[Aajonus]

So, your dairy never goes bad, it just becomes cheese, dryer and dryer cheese.

It does not go bad, if you want things to stay fresh you put them in glass jars.

.

(26) Hyperbolic Chamber Bad
[2005],[Aajonus]

People who are not on a good diet

For people that I've seen on a good diet using hyperbolic chambers, it is not favorable.

It will cause problems.

The I would have to guess at.

I haven't funded any more research because I've already spent a million dollars, and I became a slave to the research.

Like I said, it's not necessary, I just watch what happens.

.

(27) Hypothyroid
[2005],[Aajonus]

Hypothyroid means low thyroid activity

It depends on what the thyroid condition is.

If you're a person who's very toxic and the body does not want the thyroid to be active and the thyroid is perfectly healthy, there's nothing you can do about it.

Cause your body does not want your thyroid to produce more.

Thyroxin same with the adrenal.

Same with any of those glands.

Many times.

In fact, 60% of the time I find that low thyroid or low any glandular activity is because the body doesn't want you to spend the energy on activity.

It wants you to spend it on healing and detoxification.

And so I cannot make a blanket statement about what is good drive for a hypothyroid in that context.

If you truly have a damaged thyroid with toxicity in it, it's not functioning well, and you need to get it functioning a little bit better.

As I said in the first book, take a little vanilla extract, it will help.

eating thyroid glands is great.

James Stewart, is he here.

James Stewart carries Buffalo glands?

You know, you've got low testosterone and you wanna kick your pecker up, you know, eat the testes.

They're about this big and they're so sweet and delicious, and then they have other glands, thymus, liver, thyroid.

[Attendee]

How do you prepare it.

Do you blend it with honey?

[Aajonus]

Well, you should just eat that?

Buffalo has a thyroid about as big as your thumb, yet a calf has a thyroid two to three pounds.

You say, well, a thyroid is so important.

How important is a thyroid for a Buffalo.

It's the size of your thumb, and you're talking about an animal that is 2000, 3000 pounds?

[Attendee]

How much should I eat then.

[Aajonus]

Well, as I said in my book, I said when I had a low thyroid activity from the chemotherapy and the thyroid was damaged?

I had it three months after I'd had it the first time.

The next time it was almost six months before I had hypothyroid activity or symptoms.

And then after that, it was a year, 12 months.

And after I hadn't had any symptoms of low thyroid.

If you're eating the gland, you will repair the area if you're eating a good diet along with it.

.

(28) Magic Mushrooms & Marijuana Novacane
[2005],[Aajonus]

In 1978, I had 16 fillings that were half mercury, the amalgams

There happened to be a dentist Jim Rota in Westwood.

Very, very famous dentist.

He drilled all of them out and did far more than I understood at the time that I wouldn't have let him do all that, but he just did my whole mouth.

Took all my amalgams out of there.

I had four hours of drilling one morning, four hours of drilling the next morning with no Novocain, no nothing.

However, what I did do was I took a little magic mushroom, and I took just about a quarter of a teaspoon of it.

Now let that dissolve, and sit in my mouth for about an hour, and it releases some pain relievers.

So, it was very nice.

You can do it with marijuana too, but the THC causes some people to be paranoid.

So, if marijuana makes you paranoid, don't use marijuana.

In its raw state it most often won't do that.

Chew it and chew it.

Remember you've got ptyalin enzyme inside of the mouth, that breaks down the cellulose and the sugars, and that releases the THC.

When you swallow it, you're not gonna get much from it.

So, it has to be in the mouth.

The saliva will eventually break it down.

But if you have a tendency toward paranoia, low blood pressure from marijuana, do not use that.

.

(29) Menopause and Vaginal Drynes
[2005],[Attendee]

Since menopause, I've had a lot of vaginal dryness

Do you have recommendations.

[Aajonus]

You know, I've always wondered what does menopause mean?

That's such a funny word?

You've had a lot of dryness.

Like I said, in the first book, menopause is not the cessation normally in healthy people.

It's not the cessation of hormonal production.

But because we're on such bad diets, and we poisoned the system when the body tries to make the change over, it can't do it.

So, in trying to make the change over, it gets exhausted, and then it stops creating the hormones.

That's only because you're not getting the right fats and proteins together.

So, anytime you wanna make sure that you're generating hormones, you have to eat butter or eggs with meat.

Cream doesn't quite do it except for made the pituitary gland and made the pineal.

But for all the other glands, it takes butter or egg with meat to generate hormones.

.

[Kathy]

Can you use the lube formula.

[Aajonus]

Yes, absolutely?

That's better.

.

(30) Mix Clay With Coconut Cream Or Butter For Teeth
[2005],[Aajonus]

It doesn't matter

It won't ferment no matter what you do with it.

It can take a week if you don't put lime juice in it, but you know, it smells kinda ripe.

[Kathy]   Clay, which clay.

[Aajonus]   Terramin clay, green clay, coral calcium?

That's a little too rough.

There are stones in there that merge, scratch your enamel.

[Kathy]   You can take the green clay, and you put water in it or what.

[Aajonus]   You mix it with coconut cream, or you do it with butter?

It's like when the jewelers use a clay, which is a very fine sanding substance.

They mix it with an oil.

That's what jewelers use, it polishes stones without scratching the surface.

If you use just clay alone or an abrasive substance alone, you will file.

It will sand down the enamel, which you don't want.

So, if you put with some kind of an oil or fat, then it won't do that.

It will just Polish them.

[Kathy]   Once every six months.

[Aajonus]   Do it once a week, if you want?

[Attendee]   What about going to a dentist and having your teeth cleaned.

[Aajonus]   When they go in and scrape, that damages the dentine, also damages your gums?

It also causes the pockets to deepen.

.

(31) Natural Birth Control
[2005],[Attendee]

Natural forms of birth control

[Aajonus]   Um, what do you wanna know it?

[Attendee]   What do I want to know?

Yeah?

Uh, how to keep.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Oh Laughs  As I said in my first book, it was a doctor, forgot his name.

He followed- it was 237 couples over a five-year period, and these were all couples that wanted to get pregnant and have a child.

He did blood tests.

He did urine tests.

He did everything, he followed them frequently.

He found that the stand open window for pregnancy occurs five days before ovulation.

On the day of ovulation, it's too late.

And most people use that last day of ovulation as their pinpoint, too late.

And he says, if you want to avoid getting pregnant, then if the sperm can live three days on the average person on the average diet.

On the sad diet, standard American diet.

It's a sad diet.

Your sperm will live three days.

However, on this diet, the sperm can live five days, a little healthier.

So, what you do is you count back, you've got five days before ovulation, then another five days that they can live.

So in the book, I said 10 days before ovulation do not ejaculate inside your partner.

And it's always the men's responsibility because it's their sperm.

It's not the women's responsibility.

You're shooting it in her.

She would not get pregnant without your sperm.

And let me tell you, you've been around your woman.

She gets emotional.

She forgets time, space.

Forget it.

You've got to keep it.

I mean, when I'm with a lady.

I mark down the days that she ovulates the day that she has her period, I mark it all and I keep track of it, and I'm on her ass like a hip pocket.

So, I don't impregnate her, and it's that simple.

10 days before ovulation, you do not ejaculate inside.

You pull on her stomach wherever she wants it, or the towel if she doesn't want it on her.

But you've got to learn to be in control and pull, and it can't be that, "Oh, I can just make that first squirt".

You pull out, don't take that chance.

Those things shoot that first squirt is the, is the one that really propels, and if it gets right up there around that cervix man, they'll swim in quickly, especially on this diet.

So, you have got to be careful.

Men, it is your responsibility.

You count, and you keep track of it and you be responsible.

[Attendee #2]   Isn't there something like pre cum.

[Aajonus]   I've had pre cum analyzed 62 times, and never is there a live sperm in it?

That is like a soap.

It's a solvent.

It has urine in it.

It has a lot of other properties in it, but no live swimmable sperm.

Not one of those sperm in the right environment could swim a quarter of an inch.

So, you don't have to worry about that.

.

(32) Old Chinese Medicine Doesn't Work
(33) People Used To Use Coconut Oil As Soap
[2005],[Aajonus]

Baths, and showers worse

People are worse off.

They have more skin disease; we have more psoriasis.

We have more skin problems because we rely upon chemical soaps, mostly petroleum products to clean the skin.

Now, 50 years ago, when I was seven years old, 90% of the soap products, even dish, soap was made of coconut oils.

A natural substance, too expensive to grow the coconuts, to have them picked from the palms and then process, and then Shipp from other countries to here.

It's much easier to take a petroleum product and make an acetate out of it.

Not a natural acetate out of it as a solid to dissolve toxicity or dirt.

So, what happens.

We're poisoning our skin every time we clean ourselves, you try to give an animal a bath and they will freak out?

.

(34) Porcelaine Teeth
[2005],[Attendee]

Would you tell him what to use or would I advise to him, just say porcelain

[Aajonus]

No?

You tell him that you're one of my clients om my diet.

Well, you tell him porcelain.

He is a dentist that recommends the normal stuff.

Mm-hmm you tell you want an inlay or if it's a cap that you're putting over it.

[Attendee #2]

What do you mean about dried marijuana.

[Aajonus]

Dried takes longer, fresh is best?

Uses the fats a little bit quicker.

Don't swallow it, just keep chewing cause the THC gets absorbed in the mouth into the brain directly.

.

(35) Pottengers Study
[2005],[Aajonus]

Just like Pottenger's, and Howell's study with the cats, and the rats

You put 'em on a cooked diet, and after five generations, they become extinct.

After three generations, they get serious diseases.

Every disease that man has.

Before that, if they're raised on the natural diet, they have no disease, none whatsoever, not even dental caries.

The first dental carry discovered in the Eskimos was in 1886, and that was among an Eskimo who had ate the German and British diet of cakes and pastries for 50 years.

First case of cancer among the Eskimos was 1936, again in a person who had lived in the German, and British colonies.

Eating the breads, and the regular cakes and the other garbage.

.

(36) Propgoanda and Don't Eat Meat &Athletes Burn Out
[2005],[Aajonus]

So, the people had to follow a certain diet

Our government does it and our industry does it by slamming you with propaganda.

Don't eat much meat, eat high carbohydrate diets, and you've got that coming from every field everywhere.

And the TV's hitting you with all these eat potato chips, eats all this sweet stuff, all these cereals, that's the breakfast of champions.

What champions.

I don't know?

These athletes who go out there and make millions of dollars by saying it gives them energy, and then they burn out at 32 - 36 years old.

And then you wonder, wait, we've got men in Georgia, Russia, which are going out in the fields at 146 years old, still attending the field, riding horses.

Why are our of athletes burning out in their thirties.

And in the Andes, we have 90-year-old men that are running the 200-mile ball tip in the Andes mountains?

Every year, they do it once a year.

Can you imagine running 200 miles kicking a ball at 90 years old.

And our athletes can't do it at 35, 37 years old?

There's a real propaganda, garbage information that's going out there.

[Attendee]   So, guys in the Andes eat raw meat.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, they eat raw bugs?

Worms, and caterpillars in Chile, in the Andes, Peru.

One of my good friends, Naomi from Peru.

She would go pick out eggshells.

They were so poor they'd go pick out eggshells and lick the egg white out of eggshells.

And they eat worms, they eat insects, anything.

And she was healthy and strong, and that's what she lived on.

And these people are incredibly vigorous by eating stuff like that.

.

(37) Reverse Teeth Decay
(38) Root Canal & Go To Mexico For Dental Procedure
[2005],[Attendee]

Yeah, I had a cavity not long ago, and a doctor wanted to do a root canal, and put a temporary in, and now it's starting to crumble, and you said, wait till it falls out and then put porcelain in

How did I know when it's sufficiently out to put the porcelain in.

[Aajonus]   When it's disintegrated, and there's space behind that filling, just go ahead and have it done?

[Attendee]   Okay, and what if my dentist wanted to do a root canal.

[Aajonus]   If the nerve is dead, you do a root canal?

[Attendee]   You said it wasn't because there was pain.

[Aajonus]   Right, if there's pain, and there's bleeding.

I had a tooth here; this tooth was broken.

My father hit me with a paint can when I was 16 years old, broke these two teeth off to the gum.

And my older brother was holding me he did it.

So, I was livid, and my blood was shooting out my head cause my father had hit me with a nine iron first, nine iron golf club and went into my skull.

Blood was shooting out here.

My brother's holding me back cause I had gotten my father by the throat, and I was choking him to death, and I was not really with it after that.

The golf club hit my brain.

So, I was choking him when my older brother comes in, and he had just come back from Vietnam, and he was undercover CIA type army intelligence.

So, he had been trained to kill, so he had me in a lock so quickly, and my father picked up a pain can wham.

Spray paint can hit me, knocked these teeth out.

Well, the doctor many times wanted to root canals, and I said, if I have feeling there the roots alive, why would I want you to kill that tooth.

He said, "Well, because it could get infected"?

I said, if a frog had weeds, he wouldn't bump his ass when he jumped.

I wait until the tooth dies before I'm gonna have you destroy that tooth because you can add to it.

So, I had a cap put on with a short post in it, cause there was no way I was gonna let him do a root canal, that is illegal to do in this country.

So, I had to go to Mexico to do it, and still this tooth up until five years ago was still alive.

The cap finally came off after 25 years and he said, I wanna do a root canal on it.

I said, the tooth is still alive.

I can feel it.

So, he said, I don't think so.

So he probes up in there and it bled.

He said, "Yeah, it's alive".

I said, "Then you're not doing a root canal".

So, that was that.

So, he didn't do a root canal.

He was an American doctor who would do anything that I said, but he retired.

So, now I have to go to Mexico to have it done.

Anything done that I want done cause I will not cause damage to my mouth because of a fever of possibilities.

[Attendee]   Do you have to go very far in New Mexico.

[Aajonus]   No, just in the Tiwan, and the dentist I use is Dr?

Briton, Thomas Briton, B R I T T O N.

Third generation dentist, and he's very gentle.

He's a big bear of a man.

Very gentle, speaks English.

His father speaks perfect American, but his mother and his father, were dentists.

He's a dentist.

He's gentle.

He'll do anything I say, I got him into the more natural dental practice, and he's a heavy researcher.

I mean, he will just go right into it.

He grew up with it.

So, he's aware already of the complexity.

[Attendee]   Well, my dentist just like insists that the tooth is dead.

So if I went and had a second opinion, would he tell me.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, he would tell you if it's alive or not?

You just say, is it bleeding.

You stick it up there, and is there any pain up there?

You'll put a prong up there and see, and if it isn't, he won't do it to you?

.

(39) Salmonella Eats Dead Cells On Skin
[2005],[Aajonus]

Naturally we have 2,300 varieties of salmonella that eat those dead cells up

That's the natural process.

Sure, we all stunk, but we got used to that stink.

It was natural.

Now we're so far away from it.

We expect to smell these awful, vaporized oils that cause damage to the lungs and the sinuses and the eyes and the brain as now a helpful clean response and it isn't, it is highly toxic.

.

(40) Salt Water Rips The Fat Out Of Skin
[2005],[Attendee]

Why did you say if you're not in salt water

[Aajonus]   If I'm in salt water, it rips the fat out of my skin?

So I will burn.

.

.

snorkeling.

[Attendee]   So, if you're in salt water, then you shouldn't sun as much.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, correct.

Cause the salt will just eat the fat away.

Deteriorate the fat.

I was, on Phuket Island, and Phi Phi island, 14 days before the tsunami hit.

[unclear] , completely demolished.

Everybody died in that in that hotel.

So, I just made it out in time, but I was out in that bay snorkeling the day before I left, and I snorkeled in four different places by going on this boat trip, and by the time the day was ending, I was so burned that I didn't know it till the end of the day.

I mean my skin fell like leather, so I put the egg white on it.

.

(41) Scolliosis = Hot Baths &Hardening Of The Arteries
[2005],[Clay]

I was a researcher on scoliosis, and how do we handle that

[Aajonus]   Scoliosis is an unnatural curvature, natural in a disease state curvature of the spine?

That can happen from toxicity lodging in the muscles around on one side of the spine or in the front or back causing the spine to move in a unnatural way or an uneven an unbalanced way, or it can be toxin stored in the vertebrates that cause things like arthritis in the joints that can eat away the cartilage.

So, then you have an imbalance.

Any of those will create different curvatures on the spine, too many minerals.

Let's say somebody eats a lot of pasteurized dairy products and they may get excess mineral deposits stored in the joints and they create little spurs and they can cut the spinal cord and they can cause the body to tense up in a certain way and cause curvature of the spine.

So, there are many reasons it can happen.

So, it depends upon what is the particular problem to how to reverse it, and that's a whole science in itself, but the curvature of the spine is always a lack of nutrients, or an excess toxicity stored in the spinal cord.

You want to relax it and get that spine to straighten as much as possible, hot baths are very important and you need to stay in a hot bath for many hours.

Most people of this generation, my generation up grew up on margarine, vegetables oils.

That's what causes hardening of the arteries and heart conditions.

The natives, all of the tribes that eat ugly meats and animal products, even though they cook them, they have no heart disease and no hardening of any arteries.

They have no varicose veins, no thrombosis, none.

So, it's all propagated, it's absolute bull malarkey.

There's propaganda out there about meat products, that animal fats cause heart conditions.

It's absolute nonsense.

If you take vegetable fats and you let them sit, guess what they turn into, crystals.

And then they turn into rock.

Vegetable fat are your problem.

That's what causes hardening of the arteries.

Hardening of the heart, MS.

Do you know what an Amber Stone is.

Does anybody have any jewelry with Amber orange stone?

Guess what that was, that was out of the tree?

Most of your crystals and stones are from vegetable fat.

If you take vegetable oils and you put with dirt, and let it sit for a year, you will have rock.

You turn that soil into rock, and you have to pound the hell out of, and you have to mix all kinds of molds in it to break it down, does not break down easily.

If you take animal fats and put it with dirt, it'll just keep molding until it becomes earth.

A lot of back problems start in young age, scoliosis because of all these toxic vegetable oils that are in everything.

The chips, the French fries, the Kentucky fried chicken, donuts fried in vegetable oils.

That is causing hardening of the arteries, and the phenomenally advanced increase in heart disease.

.

(42) Skin Healing
[2005],[Aajonus]

And you mean from the cesarean

Oh, that's eating a good diet, balanced diet all the way around because you've got to replace the lymphatic networks?

You've gotta unblock all of the scarring.

You have to regenerate new passages for blood, lymph and neurological systems.

And it's not gonna happen very easily unless you're eating raw meat.

.

(43) Sun & Aging - Keeps You Younger With Fat
[2005],[Attendee]

Have you written about son and aging

[Aajonus]

Well, sun and aging again, is if you don't have the fats on the skin, you're going to age?

Otherwise the sun causes you to stay younger, cuz it helps you your cellular division.

Now, when I lived outdoors on a bicycle from December 31st, 1973, all the way through October 76, my skin was just like you saw pictures of Indians.

I mean, it was like leather cause I lived on a bicycle.

I lived outdoors for that three years and my skin was thickened like leather.

It's no longer like that, and I still go out and get lots of sun, just doesn't happen with the good raw fats in the body.

.

(44) Sun Is Very Important & How Much
[2005],[Aajonus]

Well, that depends

Black people, dark people, Asians all over the world.

They're dark because they keep absorbing the sun and it's just like the black people in their health.

They're the greatest sports people in the world cause they've only been eating cooked foods for 400 years since we shipped them over here.

They eat raw, raw meats and raw everything.

The fat in the skin determines whether you use the sun's rays properly and the sun will transform fats into vitamin D and other lipids and cholesterol.

Then nutrify the body, and help bones grow and tissue regenerate, cells divide.

[unclear] .

So, most people who are very fair skinned.

[unclear] , that shows very unhealthy skin when you were young.

It takes more time to regenerate that tissue, but I found in the last year doing experiments if you start putting meat slices on your face at night.

The skin actually starts revitalizing.

So, that's what you can do to wake it up, so you can handle the sun better.

However, you still have pore absorption of the fats, so he still may have to be able to be out in the sun for a couple of hours, beyond that he may need covered.

It's like I can go outside, and I can be out in the sun as long as I'm not in the salt water I can be out there every day for 10, 12 hours a day in the bright sun.

And I'll turn black, and I mean black and with these blue eyes it becomes like Kimberly, but when my skin goes black and when I was a kid, if I looked at the sun, I burned.

I mean, if I were out there 10 minutes, I'd blister, but it isn't that way now that I'm on this diet, but it takes a while to get there.

If you're very young, you're under 20.

It only takes 10 days of being on the butter to be able to absorb the sun properly.

I even had an albino.

Ate butter and lots of avocados and eat proper foods to be able to utilize the sun's rays properly, and the first time he went out, he fell asleep, was out there six hours and not burned.

But he was only 19 years old.

You know, as you get older, it takes the skin a longer time to regenerate, we don't have the growth hormones that we do till we're 21.

So.

after that takes longer, so like I said, in the book, you keep flipping sides if you're sunning.

If you're out there doing some kind of sport, you better wear a long-sleeved shirt if you start feeling too hot.

If you burn, you can prevent yourself from blistering just by putting egg white on there, or the formulas I've given for burn.

In the revision I'm splitting those up.

I'm putting burn separate from sunburn.

So, there won't be any mistake about it.

The primal facial body care cream, new one in the recipe book is great also for getting rid of burn and also helping you prevent burn, and also causing you to tan.

Now, if you wanna get white, there's a lot of Asian girls that you're not considered elite and of the.

.

.

.

(45) Trembling From Elbow Parkinsons
[2005],[Aajonus]

Do you have question

[Attendee]

Yes, I do?

I thank you.

Um, I have a tremble, which seems to occur from my elbow , and it tends to come with tension.

I get tense, I can feel this vibrate.

I relax the vibration.

See.

[Aajonus]

Okay?

He says he has trembling from his arm, the elbow, down to his hand, and when he gets tense, it's more prominent at that time.

He notices it at that time.

Almost all palsy, almost all Parkinson's.

Almost all those diseases are coming from aluminum, the Zeta principle.

So, then the electromagnetic energy that's normally supposed to pass through the system gets caught up where the aluminum is stuck and all of the impulses start stuttery.

Say I took a wire out of the plug there and put it against that metal shovel, and all of a sudden you see the sparks going every which way.

It's no longer hit a natural conductor.

So when somebody plugs it in ,that's the normal passage of electromagnetic energy that goes down into the rest of the fingers or down to the fingers.

If it's short circuited by this aluminum, other metals can do it, but it's mainly aluminum.

So, if you've got aluminum there.

It's gonna block everything up.

That's why Parkinson's, Alzheimer's is also memory block of the particular impulses going from the ganglia or the axons or the synapse firing correctly because you've got this metal toxic metal, especially aluminum stuck there, short circuiting everything.

So, it's a matter of getting aluminum out of the body.

Things that I found to get rid of aluminum.

The only thing I found to get rid of aluminum is raspberries.

Raspberries, and coconut cream , and it's mixed with butter and cow cream.

All three creams together.

Coconut cream is the most important and always have them in the afternoon or else you might not sleep at night.

.

(46) Vaginal Herpes C-Section & Viruses Are Soaps
[2005],[Attendee]

My two kids were cesarean cause my wife claimed to have vaginal herpes and was concerned aobut passing the babies through

[Aajonus]   And that's such an absurdity.

Think about this people.

Virus are not alive.

If you pick up any biochemistry book, virus are protein bodies with RNA attached and sometimes the DNA.

But they are never alive.

If you put them in a fertilized petri dish, they don't self-replicate, not one.

And you spike it with virus, not one will reproduce.

You don't have not one more virus, then you inject it, but you spiked into that patient.

As soon as you introduce healthy animal cells into that environment, which can breathe in that dish, all of a sudden, they start multiplying.

That's because cells manufacture virus, they are not contagious, and virus are nothing other than soaps.

We make soaps, let's say I mixed coconut cream and egg together.

That's a natural soap.

Virus are soap they're protein bodies that help dissolve certain kinds of tissue.

The tissue that it dissolves is determined by the RNA that the cell puts in that chain.

So, it only dissolves a particular cell or part of a cell or a kind of a cell, a damaged cell, an unhealthy cell.

The whole belief that somebody's gonna get a virus from somebody else is a Hollywood type mis-story that the pharmaceutical industry gets you to buy, so you'll take their drugs and their vaccines.

Nothing to do with reality or chemistry.

.

(47) Viruses Can Be Injected Into You
[2005],[Aajonus]

Can disintegrate the body

It's a solvent, it's like putting a solvent in your body, like a uric acid, a muriatic acid.

Muriatic acid is gonna dissolve your body.

[Attendee]   But it can't be transferred by blood.

[Aajonus]   Yes?

It can be injected in you.

If you take blood from me and I have it and put it in you, you're gonna have it, but they will not replicate.

They do not self-replicate.

They have a tendency to magnetize or chelate with mercury and aluminum and a lot of other metals that don't easily discharge from the body.

So, you will keep them in the body and they'll keep dissolving tissue in your body and break it down if you can't eliminate those metals that they're attached to.

And that's how they work, but they do not replicate.

[Attendee #2]   If you don't have replication, how do you account for the disease transmission.

[Aajonus]   There is no disease transmission, unless it's injected in you?

[Attendee #2]   Well, like where you have, um, where you have aids.

.

.