(1) Aajonus Ate Mad Cow In Paris
[2003],[Aajonus]

I was in Paris for 3

5 years, off and on for 3.

5 years, I was eating the mad cow.

[Attendees],[Aajonus]

Laughs

I ate it for 3 years and once the girl broke up with me because I wouldn't marry her, I find this article that said Care For supermarkets, that's where I was getting my meat was buying and selling the mad cow meat.

So, that's what I had been eating all that time and I wasn't eating the brain or spinal cord.

.

(2) Advanced Cancer Stay Off Fruit
Because you have the advanced glycation end products forming, but if you have it once a day, it's not a problem

Now, if I have somebody that's very advanced in cancer, the face is falling off.

I'll tell them to stay off of any kind of high sugar, even fruit, because they just can't afford it.

They can't afford any advanced glycation.

No, not the honey.

The honey is still something, but any other fruit I tell them to stay away from.

.

(3) Aleo Vera
You don't need that

aloe vera has a natural enzyme, it's very bitter and preserves the juice.

No need for that, just keep it refrigerated.

.

(4) Antinutrients
[2003],[Freddy]

I got a question about the green juice

I'm wondering about the natural protective toxins, they would concentrate in the green juice.

Well, every vegetable has a protective poison, so when we concentrate them in the green juice, in theory we'll have a concentration of those as well.

[Aajonus]   Well, yes, but most of the, um, the toxin that's produced by the plant, once it's been off the vine for about 24 hours it degenerates.

Also, when you juice it, it stays in the cellulose.

It doesn't break easily.

It's more in the fiber.

So, it mostly goes out of the pulp, and all of the minerals when they are released into the juice, did everybody understand the question.

Every plant has a protective anti-insecticide on it to keep the insects from eating everything and his question was, how does our body deal with that?

Is that a problem?

And it's not a problem when we juice it because most of the poison is degenerated within 24 hours from it being extracted from the ground or vine or wherever it is, whatever it might be?

Once it's extricated from its natural growth environment that breaks down, because if it didn't break down all the insects and molds that naturally decompose to recycle in composting would all die.

They'd be killed.

So, once the plant is out of the ground or the produce is off the tree, that whole cycle stops.

We don't have to worry about natural insecticides that are in vegetables.

Good question, nobody has ever asked me that.

[Freddy]   Well, there's an email group AV critic and it would come up in there.

[Aajonus]   AV means me, Aajonus Vonderplanitz.

AV critics.

[Attendees],[Aajonus]   *Laughs

Critics.

! I can be questioned?

! I made Wall Street Journal, a financial magazine, why did they put me on the cover?

Because they had an article about raw milk?

This was on Wednesday, title of the article was "Got Raw Milk", and they put me as the leader of the underground.

I didn't even get out to try to find the paper until like five o'clock in the evening and I had to go to five places because they were sold out to get it, but I found one place that had fine copies.

That's not my website.

That's my publisher's website from the books.

I don't have time.

Um, but I have a copy here.

I'll pass it around.

If everybody wants to afterwards,  James Stewart, read it to me.

Maybe I'll read it to all of you.

.

(5) Bath Formula
[2003],[Aajonus],[Attendee]

Two to three cups of milk Two ounces of raw-unpasteurized apple cider vinegar Two level tablespoons of sun dried sea salt

It's in the Recipe Book

Can you add clay

[Aajonus]

You can if you like, maybe a little bit more drying for your skin, but that's okay?

.

(6) Best To Have Parasites, Bacteria, Than Virus
It's a slow, nasty, long process

It's like, let's say you had a bunch of dogs or cats eat up this dead carcass.

Your extra meat that was running around, you had leftovers, or you could get some kind of acid to dissolve it, right.

And then you'd have all of this waste product and this massive amount of fluid?

That's how virus work in the body.

It's better to have parasites, best to have parasites.

Second best to have bacteria.

Virus if you have to.

.

(7) Bland Fruit With Meat
[2003],[Aajonus]

Tomatoes is not a high carbohydrate fruit, it's a bland fruit, highly acid

Cucumbers are a little too high in the alkalinizing minerals, but it's not high in high carbohydrates, so it's still okay.

You just don't want to eat too much with meat.

The tomatoes are higher in acids.

You can eat much as you like with the meat.

[Kathy]   No more than 3 cucumber slices.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, about 3 slices?

I said two tablespoons in the recipes book.

I said two tablespoons of anything high alkalinizing.

That goes for parsley, cucumbers, zucchini, whatever it is that's highly alkaline.

You want to keep it to two tablespoons per cup of meat.

A cup of meat is only a third of a cup, eggs are acid.

You can have as many eggs as you want with meat.

.

(8) Bring Food For 12-24 Hour
(9) Cant Mix Vege Juice WIth Animal Products
[2003]

We cannot mix green vegetable juice with any other animal product except for cream or butter or coconut cream

.

(10) Citrus Oil Use Brake Fluid As Solvent
[2003]

Remember any time you take any kind of citrus oil they use a solvent that's like brake fluid to dissolve that, once you treat it that way, it is a highly reactive toxin

I don't care where it came from.

They use turpentine, you know turpentine is made from oils that are extracted like that from pine needles, and also they have paint thinners that are made from orange peels, all the orange oil in it.

And once they treat it that way, it is a highly active toxin.

These companies love to tote it as natural because then they get you to buy their product, but it has nothing to do with natural.

.

(11) Clay Recommendations
[2003]   Well, I'm still investigating

Right now, I'm using the French green clay and that's good clay.

The Terramin clay, T E R R A M I N, is a pretty good clay.

It's from the desert, the California desert.

Some of the areas where they mined it was from a thermal bed that was about the active maybe 900 years ago or so.

So, some of those minerals are still cauterized, I'm experimenting with some of it, eating some of it just to see what's like.

Cause it may have had enough bacterial activity to where that cauterization has reversed itself, but I'm not going to say positively it is.

But you can use it as a mask, you can use it in the bath, you use it as a skin application, whatever you like.

No, you have to get it off the internet.

No, Terramin.

Green clay, you can get it at any of the health food stores in the bulk department.

Yeah, it's a dry clay.

Then you mix it in and make a paste of it.

If I'm putting some clay in the juice, bind with some poisons in the juice.

I would blend the foam with the honey, then the honey I'll put the clay in that and when that's all mixed in, I pour it into the rest of the juice and stir that.

Doesn't make any difference, in that bath it doesn't make any difference.

When you put the vinegar in it, that adds an acidity, almost all of the minerals that are sold are on the alkaline side.

That's why make I put the vinegar in there to make sure everybody's getting a good balance.

We're not getting over alkalinized.

The skin is natural acid, so you want it acid, but you don't want it acid from the 192 chemicals in the water.

.

(12) Cold Milk
[2003],[Aajonus]

Are you drinking it cold or warm

I rest my case, whenever you drink cold milk, what happens?

Your stomach shrinks, contracts?

When your stomach is contracted you can't build and secrete hydrochloric acid.

So, what happens.

You have unprocessed sugars and unprocessed proteins move into the duodenum?

They go right into the blood undigested.

Then the liver has to try to handle the situation or the pancreas and that'll cause some cramping, let's say the time before you drank it cold, but you didn't have the reaction right away until the next time you drank the milk.

All of a sudden, the body's doing to deal with that undigested protein that's sitting in the liver.

So, I tell people not to drink cold.

Don't do it.

Minimum, I would say is you take it out right away and you put it in a bowl of warm water, and it gets to body temperature probably a half hour.

But, if you just take it out and don't put it in warm water and you let it sit in the cupboard, put it in a dark cupboard because the light will turn it bitter.

In the dark cupboard, let it sit 8, 10 hours.

Well, it just isn't as tasty, can also make some bad breath.

Certain bacteria the reaction with gums, dental bone and dental nerves and causes it to detox heavily.

That's why it creates a bad breath.

It's not a bad breath, normally like the toxins getting into the blood, the gasses from the stomach given the air passage and secreted out the longs, that's one kind of bad breath.

The particular bad breath from bitter milk.

It's usually breaking down the toxicity in the nerve tissue or the bones in the mandible and it secretes out the gum along the teeth.

[Attendee]

So, is 60-70 degrees okay or does it have to be up to body temperature.

[Aajonus]

No, it depends?

If you let it sit for 8, 10 hours at room temperature, 60, 70 degrees.

The cooler it is the warmer.

.

(13) Cooked Foods Leaches Enzymes
[2003]

Because the liver doesn't have to leach enzymes, the pancreas doesn't have to leach enzymes

People are eating cooked foods and mixing, they have so many varieties of foods that need these various enzymes and they have to leach them all from the body.

So, if they can leach to just one kind, that that means they only have to build several kinds of enzymes to go out and leach.

If they've got a whole mixture of foods, they have to have 100 varieties of these hormones that'll go out and pull-out missing enzymes.

So again, it's with cooked foods there's a problem, not with raw.

.

(14) Detox Pathways & Hot Baths Help With Pain
[2003],[Aajonus]

Because the minerals are magnetic, and they're concentrated

So, you have poisons in your skin and your lymph system throws more poisons off through the skin than anywhere else in the system.

[Kathy]   Can you repeat that again with the lymph system.

[Aajonus]   You've heard that one a dozen times.

The lymph system throws off more toxins than any other part of the body.

It throws toxins off into the tear ducts, into the gums, the tongue, the salivary glands, the earwax, the mucus, all throughout the body, the urinary tract, females with their uterus, all that mucus dumps poisons, builds a lot of mineral poisons into the nails and hair.

Every part of the body is a bowel because we're so toxic, all complete assholes.

Literally.

So, the skin is the largest area, mass areas that secretes these poisons as you perspire.

So, getting into a hot mineral bath is a good thing, that's why I used to live in the bathtub, with my milk and my vinegar and my sea salt when I was so in pain from blood and bone cancer, every joint in my body ached.

I couldn't lie on any side of my body for more than 10 minutes.

I'd fall asleep, wake up severe pain after 10 minutes, so I could never get any sleep.

So, I would put  2-3 cups of milk in the bath,

Two ounces of raw unpasteurized vinegar

Two level tablespoons of sundried sea salt

I could just lie in there, and what it would do is all of the pain, that's an electrical charge that gets up to the brain where it all registers.

Well, for some reason in the water, it discharges it into the water.

All that pain goes into the water, instead of in my brain, so I didn't have to experience it, so I was able to sleep.

I wake up every hour and a half to two hours freezing to death and I would just let some of the water out, put some more hot water in without having to add any more nutrients to the water and I can sleep in that water 6 to 12 hours and that's the only way I was able to heal because that's the only way to sleep.

.

(15) Factory Farmed Meat Antibitoics & Hormones
[2003]

Well, yes

Your regular feed cows are fed lots of antibiotics, shot with antibiotics, have clips with antibiotics on their ears, lots of hormones, growth hormones in the sheep, so they'll grow faster and be larger and they get a lot of soy byproducts and there are two poisons that have been known to be highly carcinogenic.

.

(16) Food Poisoning & Rotten Meat
[2003],[Attendee]

I'm fairly new to this and of course, one of the hardest ones to get over was eating chicken

And I ate chicken, but, and I'd eaten it a few times, but then one time I ate it and smelled it and everything, but I got really sick.

Like diarrhea for a week, 103 fever for two days.

[Aajonus]   That doesn't mean you got it from the chicken.

[Attendee]   Like, how do you know if you actually did get food poisoning or.

[Aajonus]   There's no such thing as food poisoning, unless you're eating cooked food?

Just remember that when a bacteria feeds on cooked food, it's eating poisons along with it.

It's like if eat cooked food and get heterocyclic amines, lipid peroxides and advanced glycation end products and acrylamides.

Those are the major toxins.

We also have other complex auctions, which are not as investigated, but I mentioned them in the recipe book.

So, when the bacteria feed on them too, they also produce more toxins.

So, their Vera toxins will be 10 to a 100x more toxic and when they're raw, they're never toxic.

As I said in the recipe book, the people who aren't on this diet have an average of 18 to 20% diarrhea and vomiting happening all the time.

18 to 20% of the population, on this diet say 12%, depending on the time of year.

So, there's a lot less diarrhea and vomiting, but you can't associate either with raw or cooked diets because it happens on both.

So, you have to say what's causing the diarrhea.

When I've had diarrhea, analyzed and vomit analyzed, I found a lot of poisons.

A lot of dead liver cells, gallbladder, spleen, something like that in the vomit.

In the diarrhea, I found a lot of dead bowel cells or intestinal cells or liver cells or muscular cells, and some gut cells.

So, it's a dumping area of the stomach and the bowel and the intestines are a dumping area for these poisons to leave the blood, to get in and out of the body.

So, vomiting and diarrhea is a good thing whether you're on a cooked diet or raw diet, and it has nothing to do with what you're eating.

However, if you're eating cooked food, you're more likely to create more of it because you're putting more poisons to be dumped into the stomach and intestines.

So, you've got to get out of this stigma that some raw food has caused you to have diarrhea and vomiting.

If you had diarrhea and vomiting when you're eating cooked foods, what would you blame it on.

It's all these poisons in the body?

[Attendees],[Aajonus]   Laughs

I didn't get sick eating it?

[Attendee #2]   Is that because you're used to eating it.

[Aajonus]   Well, it smelled pretty good to me?

People who've eaten it a lot, it starts smelling good to them.

It's like the Eskimos, first time I smelled it, I couldn't get within five feet- I was like the camera man, I wanted to vomit like crazy, and the children were jumping up and down for this odor.

They love it because it gets them so high and happy, makes them strong for the winter, the fall and winter.

.

(17) Gay People Drugs, HIV and Cirrhosis
[2003],[Aajonus]

Exactly! It's the last-ditch savior for the liver

Because they use so many chemical drugs that damage the liver, that's why the war department used aids on them.

Aids was created in the laboratories of UCLA in 61 and 62.

They were creating it to create cancer in animals, so they could study cancer.

That information was given to the war department.

All of a sudden in the late sixties and seventies, it started turning up mainly in the gay community, 90% in the gay community because the gay community was using poppers, which is amyl nitrate to bring you out of a seizure if you go into a heart attack, They were using speed, methadone, all kinds of drugs, damaging their livers terribly.

So, they'd get severe hepatitis because they got so much degenerative tissue in their livers, they'd have to acquire some kind of radical detoxification to save the liver and the hepatitis was it.

So, they infected the hepatitis B vaccine that was given to 90% homosexuals.

Houston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and New York city documented by Stryker, and I mentioned the book in my first book, called the "Bio-Attack Alert".

.

(18) Germ Theory Groups Of People Getting Sick
[2003],[Attendee]

So similar illness

Now, if the drug theory doesn't apply, how does it apply coincidentally.

[Aajonus]   It's not coincidentally, let's say that food had been like the Jack In The Box incident, they didn't clean out at the factory when they were grinding the meat?

They did not clean out benzene out of the grinders properly.

So, when the meat got through that whole 225-pound block of ground beef was affected with that benzene.

Who are they going to blame it on though.

What happens when you put poisons in the body, create bacteria to eat the degenerative tissue?

So, of course you're always going to find salmonella or E.

coli or campylobacter in the presence of degenerative tissue.

So, instead of saying the benzene created the damage to the cells, it caused the reaction from the body to use bacteria to break down that tissue, they point right to the bacteria as the cause.

It's not the cause, it's the chemical that's the cause.

If it was a bacteria, man would have gone to become extinct a long time ago.

We haven't had refrigeration for about a hundred years.

I mean, I remember when I was still a kid, they were bringing blocks of ice in the farm.

So, bacteria has been with us a long time and like I said in my milk report.

They used to feed babies in the hospitals who were highly contaminated and diseased milk that was 300 million parts pathogens.

300 million parts, they only allow 10 of them into milk now.

10 parts they allow, and they were feeding infants who were getting well who had some kind of disease they were feeding them 300 million parts.

[Attendee]   When was this.

[Aajonus]   About 60-70 years ago?

.

(19) Goats Vs Cows Milk
[2003],[Lewis]

Goats milk vs cow's milk

[Aajonus]   Okay, let me go through it.

Goat's milk is high in hormones, especially adrenaline.

So, people who are thin and hyperactive should not be drinking goat's milk.

They should be drinking cow's milk, settle their nervous system.

Those people who are overweight could use the adrenaline.

So, goat's milk is fine for them, people in-between.

If you feel hyperactive, anxious, irritable, don't drink goat's milk cows, drink cow's milk.

[Kathy]   Does this apply to goats' cream too.

[Aajonus]   Goats' cream still contains a lot of precursors for developing adrenal hormone?

Goats cream is not going to relax your system, cows' cream is.

[Kathy]   Stay away from goats' milk.

[Aajonus]   If you're anxious and irritable, then just stick with cows?

.

(20) Goverment Doing Bio Warfare
[2003],[Aajonus]

Always we're subjected to some kind of chemical contamination, and I don't know if you've done any investigation of that

The US military has been using- one time they dropped it on 1 million people in the little swamps of Louisiana, chemical testing, biological warfare on our own people in Louisiana, 1 million people.

Biological chemical warfare on our own people documented.

They do the chemtrails.

Everybody's detoxing.

Disease is always detoxification, pain is always detoxification, pain is swelling in the area.

Swelling is always an increase of nutrients to the area, trying to get more nutrients in there to clean the area, to cleanse the area, to detoxify and to supply nutrients for healing.

Colds, flus, no matter what it is, it's all detoxification.

This diet doesn't change anything, except that when you detoxify, you detoxify properly, and you heal properly.

People who are cooked foods do not detoxify properly and do not heal properly.

.

(21) Grocery Store Meat Vs New Zealand
[2003],[Roger]

Is there a great difference between the meat that you find in ordinary grocery stores compared to what you buy at whole foods from New Zealand

[Aajonus]   Big, huge difference?

New Zealand is almost all raised meat.

Plus, it's mostly organic, and the regular supermarkets, they feed them lots of grain and most of the feed that they feed them are byproducts from food processing.

They take the bran, all the waste products from producing foods for humans, cereals and stuff like that.

All the cooked garbage is what they mix into a meal and give these animals, fattens them up.

Of course, the body has to produce tremendous amounts of fat to deal with these toxins.

So, the fat is very rich with toxins in your store-bought meat.

Most of them won't be absorbed if you're eating it raw, because it will just pass through, but you're not getting a lot of nutrient value from it as you would from New Zealand beef.

.

(22) High Meat Causes Detox
[2003],[Aajonus]

I don't suggest somebody go out and eat half a pound of high meat if they haven't been on the raw diet for very long

That can cause a massive detox because what is that bacteria going to do.

They're going to go and start eating up all your dead cells and if you have that much waste product dumping at one time it's going to take your full body's energy and you're going to have diarrhea, you're gonna have vomiting?

So, you want to be rational about what detoxifications you promote, and that's what I'm going into in the next book.

[Kathy]   I've been talking to somebody; she ate 200 pounds of the high meat.

She still been fighting sickness, sick vomiting, and pains in her head.

[Aajonus]   200 hundred pounds or 2 pounds.

[Kathy]   200 pounds?

[Aajonus]   200 pounds of high meat.

That'll 200 days?

[Attendees],[Kathy]   Laughing

I mean, she was raising animals.

I don't know if it was 200 pounds.

I have to make sure.

[Aajonus],[Kathy]   I'm not sure I believe that story,

But I mean, she's still since 1993 in pain and going through vomiting and diarrhea since 1993.

[Aajonus]   She ate that much in a short period of time.

[Kathy]   She was raising her own?

[Aajonus]   Was she eating it raw?

[Kathy]   Yeah, raw?

[Aajonus]   Since 1993.

I'd have to question that?

.

(23) Honey 90% Enzymes
[2003]

Eating process honeys and toxic sugars

So, unheated honey is not a problem.

There's very little advanced glycation, less than about 10% advanced glycation that comes off of an unheated honey.

When you process honey and heat it, you got 90% going into advanced glycation byproducts.

.

(24) How Aids Was Made
[2003],[Aajonus]

No, it is no

According to the documentation, it was created by nature, but not the composite of it.

Dr.

Streicher who was trying to discover what aids activity was kept fractionating.

If you fractionate a bacteria cell, there are compounds that they put on it and it fractionates into 5 parts like I'd come apart at my joints.

I've got six parts, cells like that go into five parts.

That's always the way we react.

These cells were dividing splitting in two, after a thousand he says, wait a minute.

This is man spliced, this is manmade, only man made react like this.

So, I took the two opposite sides, fused them together and found out they had the lymphonomic virus of a cow and the leukemic virus of a sheep.

Those two viruses were put together, that's not natural.

So, they spliced it together and that's how he found out who made it because he took the two names of those animal diseases and put them together in 15 different combinations.

He happened to be in Los Angeles at the time, so he went to UCLA, the first name that he picked in combination that it might be called popped right up on the computer at UCLA.

Then his brother who's an attorney tracked it and that's what the book "Bio attack Alert" is about.

Documented.

A Wisconsin or Minnesota Senator that helped him get that information from the war department, both of them were dead within three months, suicide and neither of them was suicidal and the likely Kennedy's stuff, but it's happening out there.

There are greedy people and there are people that think that we're all ants and we're not worthy.

They're running the country and they're important because they're running the country and they think that their judgment is the correct judgement.

They are God  Collective toxins create malfunctions, create degenerative tissue, places where disease forms.

The more toxic you get, the more advanced your disease will get.

It's not a natural one.

So, it's like a non-natural antibiotic you put into your body.

It's not natural.

It will have degenerative effects on you.

Yes.

I'm saying there is natural disease.

Toxins, yes.

All of them are natural, but if you weren't eating cooked foods, you would never have any kind of toxins and if you weren't exposed to pollution, chemical pollution, industrial pollution, there would be no.

.

.

.

(25) Iridology
[2003],[Aajonus]

The eye is a readout of the entire physical makeup of the body and there are locations for every gland and organ, particular locations for the autonomically nervous system, bones, skin, lymph system, everything is indicated in the iris and the two irises are different

The outside, the outer half, divide the eye in half, 12 - 6 O'clock.

The outer half of each eye applies to the respective quadrant, outer quadrants of the body and the inner half applies to the opposite inner quadrants of the body, except in some engineers and almost all inventors.

They're same brain ciders, so they don't divide and what I do is I go in there and look to see discolorations, if you have big white areas or big dark areas that shows scarring- scar tissue, possible tumors and discolorations can be plaquing on the outside.

Particular areas where fibers are fractionated, divided, it's like pointless art.

That shows that the poisons are going intracellular rather than extracellular.

So, there's lots of things I look for.

I can do into two hours or five hours on that to get specific.

Basically, I can tell a lot that's going on in the body.

Your MDs use x-rays.

Basically, if it doesn't hit them in the face, they don't know what is happening in the body.

With iridology I can tell early stages of development of just about anything.

Well, most people when they come to see me, they're not happy when they leave because nobody's well.

Most people think they're well, they're not well.

There's damage, there's toxins in your body.

So, if you don't want to know, don't come, but if you know, you know how to get rid of it quicker.

Yes, cardiac arrest.

Yes.

I can see congestion around the heart.

I saw- somebody came a couple of weeks ago, had five little bitty pea size what looks like tumors.

So, I can't say the tumors because I'd be diagnosing, only the medical profession is allowed to.

So, what I say is, this is what I see when people have been diagnosed by the medical profession with tumors and I find them in the heart.

Three months.

Well, I can see it within a month, but most people can't see until three months have passed.

So, unless somebody's deathly ill, I say come back in a year and that way you can see big changes, and everybody's very happy about those changes, something they can see dramatically.

If you come back in three months, you'll see the subtle changes, that can make you happy.

But it's better to come back in a year unless you have cancer or something like that i like to see them every three months.

.

(26) Is Honey Necessary, Don't Eat On Weight Loss
[2003],[Aajonus]

Yes, very necessary

It's one of the most healing agents because 90% of it is made into enzymes.

Enzymes are very important for digesting and utilizing meat and proteins in the system.

Very important.

Also, it takes care of a lot of the sugar problems that you have, the cravings for sugar is the craving for these enzymes.

So, people will go off eating too much fruit, eat too much fruit it's going to turn the entire digestive tract to alkaline.

Meat's going to be repulsive to them.

You're just gonna lose, so eat honey, it's your best way out.

Not with the weight loss, that'll make you crazy.

Cause then you're searching for too much protein and you're not eating enough protein to utilize that much, honey.

Well, we found some was 10,000 years old in the pyramid and it was great and fine.

I don't know if there's a limit on it.

.

(27) Lime Juice With Coconut Cream
[2003]   If you mix lime juice with the coconut cream right away when you get it home, blend it in there it'll keep for 21 days to 6 weeks

I've got them to last three months.

When you get it home, put it in an eight ounce or four-ounce jars with the lime juice in it.

I use two tablespoons per 8 ounces.

2 tablespoons for 4 ounces.

4 tablespoons per pint.

But don't put it in pint jars, put it in 8-ounce jars.

Fermented coconut cream will detox you more.

.

(28) Medical Industry Blames Nature Tribes Cooked Meat
[2003],[Aajonus]

You have to understand the psychology of the medical profession, they're always going to blame some animal for everything

They're always going to blame some bacteria for everything.

They're always going to blame something in nature for everything that goes wrong, but you have to understand that primitive man did not have diseases.

Still, those who ate primitively and ate raw meat and raw dairy have no diseases.

The only disfiguration that I've seen in any of those tribes is the Fulani, which eats 90 to 95% only milk, raw milk.

They have splotchy skin, maybe they're related to the cows, you know, splotches, but that is the only deformity that I see about them, but they're so familiar with it It's a beauty to them.

Not a deformity because there's no disease that's a result of it.

[Attendee]

You can live off milk and be well.

[Aajonus]

No, not us, them?

They were raised that way.

If we were raised all raw, we wouldn't have the poisons to need excess meat and all of that.

It's a fiction.

.

(29) Natural Swimming Pools
[2003],[Kathy]

About swimming pools

Is there any way to make a swimming pool that's not toxic.

[Aajonus]   There are electrical chlorinators?

There's electrical charged machines that send an electrical charge into the water and it makes a charged chlorine with no chloroform.

That's one way.

Barbara Streisand just did hers with oxidation, the ozone.

To me, that stinks.

I don't like that smell on my body.

So, I can prefer the electrical chlorinator.

There's no odor to it at all.

[Kathy]   What about the water, do you use tap water.

[Aajonus]   You're not gonna buy bottled water to put in the swimming pool, unless you're Michael Jackson, he did that?

He had Avion put in his, but he didn't mind spending a million dollars to fill his pool.

[Kathy]   Oh, I meant to say you can put the apple cider vinegar with it.

[Aajonus]   You can do that?

[Kathy]   How many bottles would you need.

[Aajonus]   Laughs  Depends on how many gallons you would have?

[Attendee]   I have a 24,000 gallon water tank and we've been swimming in it, it's a pond.

We have guppies in there.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, but do you like me.

I have my algae growing in my hot tub.

I like it green, slimy.

[Attendee #2]   I thought we should those question and answers in the hot tub.

[Aajonus]   Laughs  It'd only fit about 14 people; I think we'd have trouble.

Okay.

Do you have a question.

[Kathy]   I have this girl with me?

I just want to discuss that because within Alaska, they have a law there in order for us to get any Marine mammal, that means the seal.

They have to be 1/4th Native American.

[Aajonus]   Is anybody here one fourth native American.

Nope, nobody here?

I'm 1/16th, can't help.

[Attendee #3]   You could just say a little bit about iridology, how good it is, is it a diagnostic then animalization.

[Aajonus]   Don't use the word diagnostic because the medical professionals that work can not, nobody can diagnose, unless they are a licensed practitioner, practicing medicine with a licensed diagnosis.

So, I never diagnosed, I am.

I analyze health, I don't diagnose disease.

So that's how we get around that.

.

(30) Nausea After Milkshake DUmping Poisons
[2003],[Aajonus]

People who usually get nausea after eating a cream shake or a milkshake

Their liver, spleen, gallbladder, or pancreas, usually pancreas and liver are dumping into the stomach, poison.

So, it's a good detoxification.

Eat a little cheese before you start, a little after and in between to absorb those poisons that make you nauseous.

Remember nausea is always an indication that poisons are dumping into the stomach.

Period.

That's always what it is.

You want them to dump their, it's the best place for them to go because the hydrochloric acid can neutralize them.

The American Indians, if they ever got, let's say a scorpion bite from a black scorpion or they got a rattle snakebite.

If there were a lactating animal around, they would drink the milk cause it would pull that poison to the stomach and it would neutralize it.

The milk would absorb it and then the hydrochloric acid neutralizes any kind of insect poison.

One time I got bitten pretty badly and there wasn't any raw milk around, so I got hydrochloric acid, put it in a solution of grape juice and injected it in my hip.

[Attendee]   Hydrochloric acid from where.

[Aajonus]   From a health food store, bottle of hydrochloric acid pills?

uh, can jump off.

You gotta get out one day we get into nausea.

[Attendee]   Your own hydrochloric acid could come up.

[Aajonus]   That would be great?

I was a vegetarian/fruitarian at the time.

Shortly after the surgery, so I had none.

There's none in my stomach, I have to go in my small intestines.

.

(31) No Fruit In Pain
[2003],[Aajonus]

They are, but they're eating such a little amount that you can get away with eating a couple of tablespoons even with the meat When the Indians made their pemmican, they usually made it with blueberries or berries of any kind

Well, I don't want, you didn't want you to have anything to detoxify, I wanted to stabilize you.

You were in too much pain.

He talks about stabilize.

Stay away from fruit if you're in pain.

Stay away from fruit, well you were pain free for how months.

I'd wait a couple of months before I did that, maybe one day a week?

[Attendee]

So, you're saying zero fruit.

[Aajonus]

Zero fruit?

If you're in pain, zero fruit.

Zero high carbohydrate fruit.

.

(32) No Mucus Lining, Eat Eggs
[2003],[Aajonus]

She has no mucus lining in her stomach

So, anything that goes in their hydrochloric acid starts eating away at her stomach lining.

She needs to spend a month eating nothing but about 30 eggs a day.

So, she could have 25 to 28 eggs a day.

Just stick with eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, all day long and for about 22 to 30 days.

That should coat and redo the lining of the stomach.

She's going to have some nausea because of it.

It's still with the eggs, the eggs will prep the stomach to handle it and the other thing she could eat is fresh colostrum, but not refrigerated at room temperature and it's best if she leaves it out for 24 hours.

.

(33) Pemmican
[2003],[Aajonus]

Makes them strong through the fall and winter Pemmican is not high meat

Pemmican is meat that they preserve by drying it, beating it into a flour, mixing it with some kind of lard, baking in the sun.

The dried meat will absorb that fat and press it into a block, about a 90-pound block and they do it every late summer.

And so, there's the north American Indians all through Canada, this was in case they didn't get fresh food.

They always have this reserve, but they never ate the pemmican unless they had to, if they did not eat it they buried.

Because it's enzyme and vitamin deficient, leaches from the body, they only use it in emergencies.

Some of the adventures, the trailblazers that went across Canada and across the Americas all the way from the west coast to the east coast or the east coast to the west coast would take one 90-pound block of that and make it all 3000 miles across the country.

They'd eat one chunk of it a day, about a half of a cup with lots of water and they can go on that all day.

[Kathy]    So, they were on raw foods then.

[Aajonus]    No?

That isn't really a raw food, it's not cooked, but it's also not raw.

Not fresh, there's no enzymes and vitamins active in something dried.

.

(34) Perrier Had BEnzene Mid 80s From Inproper Rinsing
[2003],[Aajonus]

Not necessarily, if it's naturally carbonated the carbon destroys the bacteria, so you don't have to worry about

.

.

Perrier in the mid-eighties had a problem.

They weren't completely rinsing the bottles.

[unclear] and was staying in there and pensioning people.

But everybody rinses their bottles thoroughly.

[Attendee]

Uncarbonated water.

[Aajonus]

Either ozonation?

chemical treatment, chlorine, always some way.

[Attendee]

What about Mountain Valley.

[Aajonus]

Even mountain valley, they're ozonated?

.

(35) Phosphorus Cauterized 96 Degrees
[2003]

And it takes about 96 degrees and to start cauterizing the phosphorus

.

(36) Pre Made Coconut Too High Degrees
[2003],[Aajonus]

Well, what they do is they pre-heat 215 degrees, maximum over 96 degrees is okay

There is one called something like a Virgin Cocodaycream.

[Kathy]

Can you drink it.

[Aajonus]

No, some people want to eat pre-made stuff, so they don't have to juice the coconut?

[Attendee]

But James Sells it.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, but that's, that's naturally juiced, freshly juiced.

This one is pre-made packaged and shipped, that one they do at about 118 degrees.

So, I will use it for massage, but I won't use it.

I will use a little bit in my primal facial body care cream.

I've only seen in glass, but yeah, they do packages for a massage oil in plastic.

.

(37) Prion Disease Fictions
[2003]

It's a fiction

The prion illness is a fact, but it's not because of anything natural it's because of all the chemicals and antibiotics that they've been giving these cows for so long.

They found the folded prions, yes.

You'll also see, if you link the a U.

S.

militaries linked to dropping bombs on these herds to test biological warfare, you'll find that those herds always were subjected to some kind of chemical contamination.

.

(38) Raw Soy Kills Humans & Birds
[2003],[Aajonus]

Soy is a product that is highly carcinogenic, is a known poison, it is illegal to put in even pesticides

Yet, every time you eat a soy product, including soy sauce, highly concentrated, not good stuff.

[Attendee]   And this comes from the fertilizer for the soybean.

[Aajonus]   No, this is in the soybean naturally?

It's naturally in the soybean.

Naturally the soybean, human or any bird eats a soy, you're going to die, raw.

It would kill me cause poisons in it.

So, when they feed soy to all kinds of foul, chicken, turkeys, whatever it is, it has to be highly processed the same way it has to be for humans.

Never raw and when they call it organic, it is not because you have to solvent treat some of it.

So, would you wash your fruits with kerosene and eat it, call it organic.

No, so it's a misnomer.

Your Rosie chicken is fed 75 to 80% cooked, processed, solvent extracted soy.

It is a misnomer, it's a lie.

It is not organic.

[Attendee]   But you eat Rocky.

[Aajonus]   I said Rosie?

We eat Rocky Jr, they feed theirs 75 - 80% raw carn.

Even though it may not be organic, I'll still take the raw corn over the cooked processed solving extracted soy.

[Kathy]   Soy milk they have now.

[Aajonus]   Same thing, garbage?

75-80.

Then the rest is garbage soy.

Rocky Jr.

Well, Lilies would be the best, but Lilies won't sell us their chicken.

They're an egg farm.

I haven't investigated Harmony Farms.

.

(39) Red Patches Cooked Chicken
[2003],[Attendee]

My husband has big blotches on his back about this big

[Aajonus]   White colored.

[Attendee]   They're red, like a rash and he has called you before, he has just dystonia from fluroxene and he eats the raw diet because you told her to have chicken once a week, but he's been having to have it more because he's detoxing so much?

[Aajonus]   You mean cooked chicken.

[Attendee]   Yes, cooked chicken?

So, I was wondering.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Uhh, the primal facial body care cream.

.

.

usually it's a mold, could be a yeast infection and remember all molds are there to break down degenerative tissue.

If it's a yeast mold that means that it's feeding off of sugar damage.

If it's like giardia it's a cross between sugars, sometimes alcohol and toxic cooked heterocyclic amines that damaged the cell.

Heterocyclic amines from cooking meats.

[Attendee]   So, now he feels so bad he's eating cooked chicken almost every day or every other day.

[Aajonus]   He's not going to get beyond it then, he's just going to live in that state.

He needs to soak in a hot tub, maybe an hour a day and put the primal facial body care on it from the recipe book.

[Attendee #2]   How do you deal with different metabolic types.

I don't know that much about it, but I've heard people talking about depending on where you are from Alaska to South Africa, there's different metabolic types that feel good, eating different foods?

[Aajonus]   That's a theory that nobody has any proof to substantiate and I certainly haven't been able to find it.

In my actual practice with people, I have Africans who eat this diet, vegetarians who lived their whole life as vegetarians who eat the diet.

So, I haven't found any, I've got Nordic people who eat this diet.

They're the ones that are supposed to be the meat eaters, raw meat eaters from basically everywhere.

I've got people from the tropics eating this diet and it's all favorable for everybody.

So, this metabolic thing is somebodies' idealization on what they think should be happening in nature.

.

(40) Smallpox Vaccine Linked To HIV
[2003]

British reporter linked the smallpox vaccine that was given to 75 million Africans had the aids virus infected in it

What did they have in mind.

Bush and his crew and Reagan and the crew?

What did they do.

They created a medical disaster?

They came to the United States and other governments for help.

What happened.

They said, well, if we're going to help you with this aids disease, we need to control your resources?

This is going to be a lot of money.

So, the world bank's going to run your country.

So, what'd they do, they got rid of a welfare class of people, so they didn't have to spend money on them and acquired access to their resources, the diamond mines and gold mines.

It's all about money, there's some people that don't give a shit about human nature, spirituality or anything and the Bush family is heavily.

It can be passed through blood in any disease.

There's not an exception if you're getting transfusions.

.

(41) STDS Not Contagious, Yeasts Contagious
[2003],[Aajonus]

Somebody asked me to talk about venereal disease and sexually transmitted venereal disease

In my research there's only two categories of sexually transmitted venereal disease, and that's documented experiential, not philosophical and theoretical bullshit.

Crabs are definitely contagious because they live on the skin.

So, you can be having sex with somebody, and they crawl on you, you're going to get crabs.

The other yeasts, yeast that live in the skin.

So, if a woman has a yeast infection or a man has candida and your perspiration gets onto each other, those yeasts can transfer to the other because they live on the skin.

But aids, HIV, gonorrhea, syphilis.

It's all bullshit because they have to pass through five membranes after they get through the mucus, which is 8 to 10 layers, then they have to fight the white blood cells if they get into the blood.

A microbiologist from Irvine University did a 37-page document on it that proved that 1 in 5 million chance of you getting aids or any other disease from intercourse, there's a myth out there from the moral majority that want to keep you from having sex because they believe it's against their religion that you enjoy sex.

The industrial reason for wanting you to believe it is because you'll use condoms or you'll use spermicides, any of their products.

Do you know how many people are using condoms now every time they have sex.

Do you know what a multi-billion dollar- trillion dollar a year that business is now?

And 40 years ago, it was unheard of, they were making a couple of million a year?

Now it's trillions of dollars a year.

They have a reason to call things sexually transmitting.

Everybody has their little angle, their interest.

Self-interest to want you to believe that things like transmittable.

Aids or HIV, when they found the virus in sperm, there were only two viruses, two virus bodies, the ability of those two virus body's to get through a women's mucus tissue, which is 8 to 10 layers thick, all those mucus fibers, get into five layers of mucus membrane walls, and then fight the white blood cells.

Impossible.

Ridiculous, not even a chance in 1 in 5 million of that.

Blood, when you bleed, you bleed outward, you don't bleed inwardly.

You're bleeding outward.

You're not bleeding inwards, so how the hell is a virus or germ going to get up in there.

It's not going to happen.

People are getting toxic, poisons are storing.

If they're getting gonorrhea, the poisons are storing in the lymphatic system in their genitals.

If it's syphilis, it's storing in the nerve tissue.

If it's herpes, it's storing in the nerve endings, you have all of these diseases, which are the result of toxins in that area.

So, it's coincidental, when somebody had all these toxins building up at that particular time, and then they go have sex with somebody who's got that disease, it isn't because that person's got that disease.

It's coincidental because that person's been building up the toxins for a long time in that area, all of a sudden it happens.

It's like saying, well, I got struck by lightning because there were a bunch of cows in the bathroom or because there were trees all around.

Got trees all over the world, how many people were getting struck by lightning.

It's coincidental that you have to be in the right place at the right time for the lightning strike?

There's no madness to that.

There's no theory to that.

There's no contagious theory about lightning striking you.

But they love to do it, the medical profession makes a lot of money on the bacteria theory.

Their whole premise, their entire profession is built on germ theory.

Germs are the cause, not toxins, not pollution, not poisons, germs are the cause.

Do you blame the vultures in the crows for the dead animals that they find.

No there's a cleanup crew?

That's what parasites are.

That's what bacteria is.

Virus is a joke.

Virus is impossible It to be contagious, they're not alive.

Virus is the body building solvents, soaps, to clean out the body.

.

(42) SUgar Introduced 1800s
[2003]   Sugars were full-blown and the sugar came in heavily in the late 1800s, and it was considered classy, panache to have candy in your home because you had to be rich to afford candy

So, people would eat candy and think, oh, I am so terrific.

What they were doing was poisoning themselves faster than anybody else.

That's why the rich children were always more unhealthy.

They had more eye problems, they had more physical problems.

They were weaker punier because they got all this medical attention, and they got all this bad food.

It was elitist.

Let me tell you there's lots of dogs and cats out there and other animals who interbreed all the time and don't have those problems.

.

(43) Unatural Hormones From Pollution
[2003]   She was saying because of the pollution that we have; a lot of women and men are not producing their normal hormone because they are producing them, but what's happening is, is that because hormones are higher and fat than most other substances created by the body they go for the toxins, the toxins go for the fat

So, what it does is it turns the hormones into detoxification substances that will bind with those poisons.

Then you can no longer them as energy hormone or hormones to build bones or hormones to function normally.

You don't have enough fat in your blood and especially in winter.

Because there's not enough fat in the blood.

So, the body will start using those hormones as fat toxin binders that.

Ask Lisa.

She said once she gained all that weight, she's not a bitch anymore and that happens to all the women.

This is a fine size, women who have excess get happy, much happier.

.

(44) Vegans No Energy
[2003],[Aajonus]

Well, it depends if you're not hyperactive because you're thin, then it could be because you're not creating any hormones because your body cannot afford to burn itself

Eat itself up.

When I was a fruitarian for a long time, I was always calm because I had no fucking energy to get upset.

When it gt down to it, I could get very irritable, very quick in somebodies face because there were killing animals and eating animals!  Diehard vegetarian, but I had to learn my lesson and then when I became so weak that I was so mellow.

[Lewis]   So, the issue about the size of the fat in cow's milk vs goats' milk.

[Aajonus]   That's hypothetical garbage?

If you're eating it raw, you're going to digest it whether it's large.

What does that mean, it means I'm going to be more nourished if I eat more.

So, I'll take a bigger molecule of fat from the cow, as opposed to a goat.

[Kathy]   In other words, we throw away what we have.

[Aajonus]   No?

[Attendee]   Should I have goats' milk or cow's milk.

[Aajonus]   Well, it depends?

It depends upon the person.

If you're irritable I'd say no or mix it.

There are other ways to stimulate your adrenal glands other than goats' milk.

There's the coffee substitute and there's also red onion.

There's also some garlic, all those will stimulate adrenaline.

.

(45) Viruses Are Coincedantal Not Contagious
[2003],[Aajonus]

No, only if they had a liver problem

If they have toxins in the liver that causes a detoxification, where they will naturally be utilized.

[Attendee]   So, something like the black plague where whole population gets it.

[Aajonus]   You have to understand that it was in England in the highly populated areas, there was no refrigeration, they would cook their foods?

They would keep them because there was no refrigeration.

High amounts of verotoxin from these molds that would feed on the food, and they would just keep loading themselves with toxins, as well as the byproducts of the bacteria eating these cooked foods, they would get so inundated that everybody would break out about the same time.

It's like I have a full tree of 50 jar bottles and I'm filling all at the same rate, they're all going to spill over at the same time.

You're going to have an epidemic, the plague, and it's always somebody else who did it, not their bad habits.

Well, just remember that virus are not alive, it's a solvent that your body can make.

It's like I got the same soap in my house and somebody over there and everybody else had Tide soap in their house.

It's a solvent, that's a virus.

It isn't contagious because everybody has it because everybody's produced it.

Yeah, but their description may have been very, very doctored or very, very polished.

It's like the documentation I got from Pennsylvania, and they were blaming raw milk on this epidemic.

They said that 90% of those people who got sick had consumed the raw milk.

What about the other 10%.

What did they eat, why did they get it and they had no contact?

Why did they get at the same time as everybody else.

You're saying it's very obvious?

It's not very obvious.

No, it's their belief that makes them distort information.

You have it systemically.

If you have it, you have it systemically.

The nervous system is the most active passageway in the body.

It moves faster than lymph and blood.

Again, you're talking about a virus.

A virus is a protein body, it's not alive.

There's no contagious.

You cannot have something that replicates itself by manufacturer.

This is not a breeding substance that multiplies, it only replicates by manufacturer in the body.

That's the whole fallacy about it.

That's why people get so caught up in the belief system.

They don't look at the rationale.

How is virus formed, it's not alive.

How's the reproduce.

How does it replicate, because the body makes it just like we make soap, clean out the system?

It is not that way.

If the child eats what the parents are eating and that child was produced from a parent where lots of toxins filled up in the nervous system and that child had the same kind of a system, born to same kind of system, they would get herpes.

It may be simply coincidental that the parent notices it when they had one at the same time.

Oh, I kissed the baby, I gave it to the baby.

You didn't get it from kissing the baby.

You gave it because you caused the baby to have toxins in the nerve endings, wasn't the kiss that did it.

It wasn't the contagion that did it.

[Attendee #2]   It's because the toxins were transmitted and then the virus will react.

[Aajonus]   You have to look at where they'd have to penetrate?

You bleed, you bleed out, sores seep out, you don't seep inward.

So, how's it going to get in.

[Attendee #2]   But maybe there's some other kind of toxin and that is transmitted?

[Aajonus]   You're looking at a myth?

If I take water balloons and try to throw that through a house, it's not going to happen.

That's a myth maybe the house that has a leak in it at some time and you have to be throwing water balloons at that particular time and all of a sudden, a water main breaks, breaks at that particular time.

Did the water balloons create that disaster, the water that's in the house.

I do not expect a lot of you to really grasp it because you're so brainwashed, but if you take biochemistry and you really study it and understand that virus are not alive virus or protein bodies, and they can only be formed within a body?

By a body, by a body's lymph system as a solvent, as a detoxifier, then you understand those protein bodies are nothing other than solvents  Like we have kerosene, we use kerosene, we use alcohol to disintegrate, even vitamin supplements, herbal extracts.

If there were enough of those virus bodies in that blood and the body said, oh, this is how you make those.

Let me see if I can replicate them.

Then yes, the body says, I liked that.

I want them to get rid of that nerve ending toxicity.

Then it could manufacture it from a love transfusion.

Yes.

But you know, if the parent is feeding the child garbage that stores in that child's nerve endings, that's what creates the herpes.

.

(46) Water Breaks Down Sutf WHen Detox Or Losing Weight
[2003],[Kathy]

Gerolsteiner's the only one that's okay

[Aajonus]   Gerolsteiner, Pellegrino, any of the naturally sparkling waters?

Ozonated isn't great, it's not severely harmful.

[Kathy]   What about Evian water.

[Aajonus]   Evian, I haven't investigated lately, but they used to be fine?

Not pardon.

Distilled water is the worst water you can drink?

It will just rip your system to pieces because it's the hungriest water, leaches everything  That's different.

That's high in bacteria.

Rainwater is full of bacteria.

That's a different kind of distilled water, but still, it's not a good idea to drink a lot of rainwater either.

What does rain do.

Rain goes down and dissolves the rock in the ground so the plants can eat?

That's what it does, if you drink too much water, it'll dissolve and leech the nutrients out of your digestive tract and blood.

Now, when you're going through a detoxification or downsizing, if you have a problem losing weight, water can be helpful to resolve some of that.

You lose weight quick when you don't want to have much water.

I don't say no water?

I say, keep your water intake low.

.

(47) When Herpes Came ABout
[2003],[Aajonus]

Genital warts been around a long time

Herpes really came about no more than a hundred years ago, but they say oh, we've got nerve ending damage.

They didn't have a microscope to be able to figure out what it was before then, there were not enough of them to do investigations, but let me give you this scenario.

You have two people dating.

They go out and eat the same toxic food from the same canned food, with all this metal toxicity, highly acidic, let's say it had gotten botulism in it, low grade botulism.

They started eating that, one broke out before the other one did.

Not a matter of one gave it to the other, one started detoxing before the other.

That's how it happened.

[Attendee]

I've had genital herpes for 22 years, and after being on your diet they went away.

I was married and the whole time my wife never got herpes.

[Aajonus]

We just have to get beyond these myths, they are ingrained in you.

.

(48) WHole Foods Barely Organic
[2003],[Attendee]

What about the non New Zealand beef

Whole foods has New Zealand and non New Zealand.

[Aajonus]   Whole Foods bought the ranch.

Whole foods is a big farce.

You go around and you see everywhere in the store go organic, go organic.

You rarely see even 1% of the food in their stores organic.

So, it's a big hype bullshit.

Big bullshit, their meat they feed 15% bakery waste, which is stale boiled in oil donuts, and they call that natural beef.

What cow do you know goes around eating donuts.

You the best of what you can get, what the best to get is the New Zealand grass fed beef?

The Coleman beef that Wild Oates carries, they do feed theirs some byproducts.

Some of the feed is a byproduct.

So, it's not all perfect and they don't promise that it's organic either, but it's still better than Ralphs or Savon's and its' better than Whole Foods donut fed.

.

(49) You Can Get Aids From Blood Transfusions
[2003],[Aajonus]

The first book called "The Bio Attack Alert" documented it

[Kathy]   So, Rock Hudson was on drugs.

He got HIV/AIDS?

[Aajonus]   No, he got a transfusion.

So, you can get a disease if you go to get somebody's blood pumped into you, definitely.

Because that's direct inundation into the system, and a lot of people got it all from transfusions and gave their blood and other people got it.

That's why only 10% of the population who have had liver problems were getting the hepatitis B vaccine and that's why they were getting it, but of course the government- the medical professional is not going to tell you the real reason these people got aids.