Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

A: OK, first I'm going to tell you about the Bangkok incident. Well, I was in a very, very nice [unintelligible] executive suite in a hotel. And it's not even finished yet. So it seemed like it was in a good neighborhood. So I was at 2.50 in the morning. I was out with my digital video and videotaping stuff. And I caught three guys doing an illegal deal, something illegal. And they came after people in my camp. And I stopped and talked with a girl who was working. We talked together for about five minutes. So as I left that area, they were waiting between cars. And they had a guy getting my attention. So I noticed that he jumped out of the crew bar, pinned me here, and he stuffed his lip completely open so it was all the way through. He took this [unintelligible], crushed the bone all the way back under my tongue. The [unintelligible] was stuck under my tongue. He had a forge, and whacked me in the eye here and split this part all the way open here. This was just a week ago, so you can see how it healed. This whole lip and whole mouth.

Q: [unintelligible[

A: That's right, a week ago today. And, you know, after I was hit with a crowbar, well, the horn was first and the crowbar next. And they were out to get that tape. They didn't want anybody having that tape out there, because they thought it was going to jail or something. So they were out to kill me, but they needed to get that camera. So when I got hit in the, this came, this came, and in that split second when my head's going back, it's only seemed like I had five minutes to think [unintelligible]. And I realized that my teeth had been caving back, and my jawbone had been gone, it had to go with it. And I'm falling backwards, and I realized that I had to spin and get away from those two guys because they kept crushing my face. So as I turned around, I got a crowbar across the shoulder. It didn't break the bottom, [unintelligible]. And then as I'm going down, there were Thai kickboxers, obviously, that kicked my leg. I mean, I've got bruises as well, old and black and blue here, tremendous sensitivity and pain, hard to [unintelligible]. And when I hit the ground, I just started kicking. I kicked some kneecaps, and that gave me enough time to get [unintelligible].

Q: Did they get the camera?

A: No. I had it tied to my hand.

Q: Oh, wow.

Q: And so did you have pictures of them on camera?

A: It didn't come out. It was too dark. Well, they didn't know that, and I didn't know.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yes, I did take a local anesthetic to get the jawbone back because they said, you know, what they wanted to do, they just wanted to pull the two teeth and just leave the jawbone crushed. I said, no, [unintelligible]. They said, well, there's nerves to those teeth that are completely bruised and ruptured. There's no way they're going to recover. And I said, that's your opinion. Let's go ahead and try to put them back and see what happens. If it goes into necrosis, I'll have them removed in six to ten weeks. But for right now, we're going to put them back in place. So I went into surgery for two hours, and I was treated with [unintelligible] three times. And even with that little note, it came in excruciating. Because it was unusual. Now, I don't know if the mandible plate here, the whole [unintelligible], is normally soft. But there was no break in the bone. It moved like a baby's, you know, it stretched. I'm still pulling it back for two hours and pulling it back into place and [unintelligible]. So it was pretty painful, even then.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Not like that.

Q: But you didn't see them. You didn't even notice them.

A: Oh, yeah. I was filming, and I saw these three guys doing their thing, and I started filming them. And when they saw me filming them, they got very upset. You know, and one of them came after me with a bottle, and the other one stopped it. And obviously, they were planning from that moment to get me, get the camera away.

Q: And you realized that they would be coming after you?

A: No, if I knew I would have been going to a restaurant immediately. Call the police.

Q: Police? But you were videoing them. [unintelligible]

A: No, no, no. They were there doing their thing, and I'm videotaping it near the dark area. And they started, you know, yelling at me, you know, covering their faces and yelling. So I just continued videotaping other people. And one of the guys, as I was looking at him, as he was yelling and going like this, I was still videotaping him. [unintelligible] very small camera, very expensive camera. I'm videotaping them. He came after me, you know, with a bottle, and he started coming after me with it. [unintelligible] And so...

Q: And you figured it was over?

A: Yeah, figured it was over.

Q: What were you videotaping?

A: No, no, no. I was just [unintelligible]

Q: Oh. So I guess it was as far as the pain that [unintelligible].

A: Well, it was funny. You know, I [unintelligible] under my palms, you know, way back at the... [unintelligible] And I could feel the teeth back there, and I couldn't have... Of course, I could have [unintelligible]. But this mandible would have been torn upward and stretched upward, and this would have been crushed inward. But I had no pain. No pain. I mean, I felt a heaviness and a tint of discomfort. There was no pain until I went in surgery. Then there was pain.

Q: Right.

A: Then there was pain.

Q: You didn't feel like it was being knocked out?

A: Well, this, you know, it hurt for, I would say, maybe a few minutes after I got hit. Then I felt some pain, and it was gone away within a couple of minutes.

Q: Because of the diet?

A: I had no idea. [unintelligible] You know, I had all the bruises on my leg until several days later. And those got very sore. [unintelligible]

Q: What about the pain [unintelligible]?

A: Only when I can see the teeth, and the wiring is... The whole thing moves. So, it doesn't stay permanent. So, these teeth will start rising up again. So, I have to take them and pull them, force them back down to hold them in place. And that is painful. And the pain lasts maybe half an hour, an hour when I do it. But I can use pain formula for it. Basically, [unintelligible].

Q: [unintelligible]

A: I have it on for five weeks altogether.

Q: Do you think [unintelligible]

A: Extremely. Do you know what it cost me for that two-hour dental bone surgery? $125.00. Here it would have cost me $30,000 to $50,000.

Q: Wow.

A: $125.00.

Q: Wasn't it subsidized by the state?

A: No.

Q: It wasn't?

A: I paid for it.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, I had a Thai girlfriend. Several, [unintelligible]. They would chop my meat up very finely and mix it with eggs so it would just slide down. Basically, that's what they had. And then I had several patients who lived in Bangkok. [unintelligible]. They'd have all these little shops around there. They'd take the coconut [unintelligible]. And they had this grinder. They'd grind the meat down into a grating. And then they had these presses. And it's called [unintelligible]. And, you know, we'd pay a fortune. You know, something like 50 cents for two kilos of this coconut cream. So, I had everything I needed, the eggs and the meat that would come in from outside of the farmland. The freshest what you'd need every day, grazed meat. Buy it. I'd get a kilo for something like $2.50. $4, $5, two and a half pounds.

Q: Can you chew now?

A: No.

Q: Still eating the eggs?

A: Yes. Ground meat with eggs. Okay, now we're going to get into the – oh, any more questions about that? I got this all coated with beeswax. [unintelligible]  It was already open and sore.

Q: Did you [unintelligible]?

A: Oh, no. I can't do that.

Q: [unintelligible]

Q: I'm [unintelligible]

Q: Here, I have a [unintelligible].

A: I wasn't even frightened. I had adrenaline rush, but I wasn't frightened.

Q: [unintelligible] with a crowbar?

A: Well, it was either a crowbar or a hammer. I don't know which one.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible]

Q: You [unintelligible]

A: Oh, yeah. When I went in there, I had them take the stitches out of here because this was so wide open and so ripped open. [unintelligible] I let them go ahead and put some stitches there just to hold it together so my cuts wouldn't come out. The membrane was falling out. Here's the same thing. They hit me so hard to push the bone back that they opened a huge hole [unintelligible] all the way to my lip. I didn't let them sew the inside, but I let them sew the outside.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Oh, yeah. I had them take the stitches out of here after two days, and they didn't want to do it. They gave me all kinds of painkillers and antibiotics and things like that. They wanted to give me a tetanus and I went home.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No. The tetanus, I had them say, I'll go into a coma if you do it. It was the same with antibiotics. They didn't fight because [unintelligible]. When they came to giving me home medication, I just took the whole thing. Because I didn't want them to worry.

Q: Did you [unintelligible]?

A: Oh, I made a pain formula. My pain formula there was cheese and butter, which I had taken with me. Whenever the bones were involved, cheese was very important.

Q: I have a related question. How did you get the butter on the airplane?

A: No, what I had to do, when I'm working with any other airline all over the world, [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] American airline company, it's not an American airline, it's [unintelligible]. So what I did was, I tried to smuggle it in once and it caught me. I said, you're going to arrest me for a day because I had a bottle of milk in one pocket. [unintelligible]

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You know, you're trying to smuggle this. I said, you take this to court and the jury's going to laugh you out of the courtroom because I've got a bottle of milk with six eggs in my pocket. So they let me go. So what I did was I went back to the airline counter and I said, I have to have this checked in baggage and you need to put it on without x-ray. So they took it to TSA. They took my letter, you know, TSA, TSA, they said okay. They checked it and the airline was very nice. They gave their representative had it handed to a guy to take it outside and hand it to me right at the gate so I could have my food on the airline. That was a 36-hour flight.

Q: I have one more question about your experience. So basically, do you recommend having [unintelligible]?

A: Well, if you're not going to be stupid like I am. You're not worried about it. [unintelligible] insurance. [unintelligible]

Q: So basically, if I were to get really messed up, I would tell the doctors to just [unintelligible]. And call Aajonus.

A: I wouldn't let them give me any attendance or any shots of any kind [unintelligible] why they were stitching me and everything up. Anything.

Q: So because of the diet, you just don't experience [unintelligible]?

A: [unintelligible] And this happened at 2.50 in the morning. And I didn't get any. Dentists weren't available until noon. Well, one dentist was available at 10 o'clock, but he didn't get [unintelligible] . So they called in a dental specialist, and he wasn't available until 1 o'clock. He only had noon, but he didn't get there until 1 o'clock. And in the afternoon, so 12 hours, almost 12 hours had gone by before I had surgery. [unintelligible] Okay, let's start with Q&A. Do you have a question.

Q: [unintelligible]  Anything else? Do you have any other, what would you [unintelligible]?

A: [unintelligible]. The American indians, if they have lactating animals around, and somebody got a scorpion or a bee sting or a snake bite, they would drink the milk, and the milk would blow the poison into the stomach. Also, corn cob.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] your nerves, but that doesn't necessarily [unintelligible]. But it does give your body some very finite proteins to handle.

Q: And there's some of them in honey, but I never did it. You put honey [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible]

Q: Yeah. Can you explain [unintelligible] didn't have eggs Rocky style, and [unintelligible].

Q: [laughter]

A: Yes, eggs Rocky style are very good for just about any kind of maintenance. If you're going through any kind of allergies, any kind of flu, bronchitis, pneumonia, times when you can't eat other foods, emphysema, can't breathe properly, asthma, eggs, just keep eating eggs Rocky style, and don't mix anything with the eggs. Did you see Rocky drinks five eggs [unintelligible]. He wipes his mouth like this, and if you don't wipe your mouth like this, you're [unintelligible].

Q: The yolk is not even broken on that. That is just [unintelligible].

Q: Is that important that the yolk isn't broken?

A: Well, no, it's important that you don't whip it.

Q: Oh, okay.

A: There are three enzymes in the egg white which prevent certain hormones that help certain diseases progress like cancer. Those enzymes in the egg white are whipped, they oxidize within seconds.

Q: And so those enzymes, what do they do?

A: They prevent hormones that help disease, let's say, progress or detoxification progress. You don't necessarily want to progress detoxification. Like to have more tumors develop, even though cancer is a good thing, it's a collection of dead cells that you're not able to dissolve and get rid of, and it's a way to contain them in a particular area. Some people don't like the idea of tumors growing in their bodies, whether it's beneficial or not. And it impedes the function of the gland or the softness of the lungs, and it's something you want to stop.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: The egg white is not whipped and oxidized.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Don't whip it.

Q: But if we want to detox, then whip it up.

A: Or, you know, just have it with some fruit and milk or fruit and cream, put a little cream in it, and it will help detox. Remember, any time you put fruit with anything, it's going to be made into a soap, a solvent. Most fruit turns into alcohol in the digestive tract. Alcohol is used to [unintelligible]. So, if you're mixing eggs and fruit and cream or coconut cream together, it helps detoxification. Make sure it's in the afternoon, not in the morning. In morning you wanna stabilize your body, think properly, function well. You get everything balanced by, you know, 2 o'clock, 1.30 to 2 o'clock. Have your fruit meal, and then don't have it after that, because if you have it after that, you might detox during the night, and you can't sleep [unintelligible]. So...

Q: Does that also [unintelligible]?

A: Teresa will collect from you, and then we have three more chairs. Three more chairs. There's two there. And there's one here. There's one over there, too. We need to keep it down, everyone. Please. Wait until after. Go ahead.

Q: So, if the yolk and the white aren't mixed together, you're not getting as much detox, and that is better.

A: It's a matter of oxidization. It's a matter of the egg yolk and the egg white are mixed together. It has nothing to do with it. It's the oxidization of the proteins and the enzymes in the egg white, which is destroyed by oxidization.

Q: When you beat it, you beat air into it. It's oxidized.

Q: You were saying one of the other ways is better is to beat it.

A: If you want to prevent the cancer from progressing, then eat it without whipping your eggs, and you [unintelligible]. But if you just want to go into detox and you don't mind the tumor developing for a while and it's full of dead cells, then you have your fruit, your eggs, and your cream, and then cream or butter or some kind of fats. Coconut cream is always your best solvent. If you take coconut cream and you put it on those canning jar lids, in 20, 30 minutes it will turn it black. Pull the metal off that lid.

Q: Well, I've actually over time stripped the ceramic part that covers the metal.

A: Oh, yes. Coconut cream. You know, 50 years ago when I was a child, almost all soaps were made with predominantly coconut. Coconut fat, coconut oil, even the laundry detergent. It was wonderful, but now it's petroleum.

Q: What about your new [unintelligible].

A: That's heated. It's not raw. Anywhere from 170-something degrees to 250. It's not raw. And it would be terribly [unintelligible]. When coconut cream is unheated, it has a 40% reaction soothing. And all of your other pressed oils like olive oil, flax oil, they're 90% solvent reactive. There's no healing to it. There's no soothing. So if you use olive oil and you use flax oil, I suggest that you use some butter and cream along with it. So as the oils dissolve in the toxins in your body, you'll have the cream and butter to bind with those poisons, those waste products, and keep them from causing damage.

Q: What about ground flax oil?

A: Ground flax is not good for you.

Q: Why not?

A: Because it's impossible to adjust to the human digestive tract. And it also causes lacerations in the villi, in the small intestines.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No, it doesn't. [unintelligible] Excuse me. [coughs]  You have to be an herbivorous animal to be able to digest cellulose that holds [unintelligible].

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Right. All fat and protein is bound within a cellulose structure, and it takes a vegetarian animal to do that. Much like it says in the books that a vegetarian animal has two and a half times longer digestive tract than we do, that two to four stomachs. They have 60,000 times more enzymes to disassemble the cellulose. And it passes through their body for 48 hours. It goes through us in 24 hours. So mostly it is enzymes and vitamins and some [unintelligible]. But you only need [unintelligible]. The fiber is really critical. On a raw food diet that's completely raw, it's not beneficial to have cellulose.

Q: Don't you like alkaline?

A: Preventing you from ingesting animal foods properly.

Q: Don't you like alkaline? Isn't that supposed to be better than acidic?

A: No.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: The body has to be acid [unintelligible]. You want to live, you want to be acid. [unintelligible], everything could be acid. We're not. We're not healthy yet. We're healthy-acrid.

Q: [unintelligible] So they're doing things to alkalize your body, and the cancer's [unintelligible] support.

A: I would say 50% of the cancer clients I have have been long-time vegetarians and are over-alkaline. They don't ingest any food unless it's mono.. One food at a time, spaced in between. These people are the worst cases of cancer. The worst condition that I've found for cancer are people who live on carbohydrates.

Q: I just talked to a girl who is taking [unintelligible]. She's got breast cancer. She said in less than four weeks they went to half size, and they're not hard anymore.

A: There are lots of ways, depending upon the body, how you stop the body from holding on to dead cells.

[audio cut]

A: They've been saying, they've been accusing, they've accused 14 different hormones over the past 50 years. They've just, medical profession, and yes, we stand with the pharmaceutical community, runs the medical profession. The pharmaceutical community wants you to keep them hope, keeps you thinking that they're finding the answer. They put all this propaganda out constantly, feed it to you constantly. So you keep going to the drug store, you keep going to the doctor, you keep that medication, drugs.

Q: Well, [unintelligible].

A: I know him, I know him. Ralph Moss. Ralph Moss is a biochemist. Not a physicist, biochemist. And he worked on [unintelligible], and basically he's still a biochemist. He looks at everything as not alive, but a chemistry. He's still not [unintelligible], although he did a review on my book, he says I went out and bought all the things he recommended.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Keep it going here. I answered your question about the raw eggs?

Q: Yes.

A: Okay, your question.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You're calming down your energy level. Which, your health or your energy level?

Q: Health. So, how many days [unintelligible]?

A: [unintelligible]

Q: Every hormone?

A: Pardon?

Q: Every hormone?

A: No, supplemental. It stimulates hormones.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] Nobody would buy them.

Q: Natural hormones, are they all energy producers?

A: No, you have hormones that will cause sedation. All types of hormones, those that are marketed, unless you have hyperactivity, you have a variety of drugs, hormones, which help lower adrenaline levels.

Q: The only reason I was thinking of this was I was diagnosed [unintelligible]. [unintelligible]

A: That's the problem with chemists. They don't look at biochemistry as different from chemistry. They see it only as chemistry. The problem with iodine, when it is free radical, and it is not, in a bioenzymatically-bound, bionic situation, it is toxic. It is also radioactive. So, iodine is a dangerous supplement. And I find it when I read about people who have taken iodine supplements or have used [unintelligible] when they've had x-rays and scans done, it is causing internal, causes internal alterations, that often cause cancer and a lot of other problems in the body. So, the iodine that you put on your stomach absorbs, you don't know where it's going to go, what's going to happen. It's not a natural iodine. If you want a natural iodine, you [unintelligible]. It's concentrated, and you won't have any problems.

Q: [unintelligible]

Q: How about [unintelligible]?

A: [unintelligible] is indigestible. The cellulose is more complex. Sea vegetation, sea cellulose, is more complex than the earth's cellulose. It's much more difficult to break down.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Once it's dried, even if you eat it right out of the ocean, the algae is still indigestible and indigestible. You get very little value. Fish are [unintelligible]. There are apes and there are tribes which can do better than we do with a civilized society digesting vegetables. And they can digest more than we can. But it still may be only 40% instead of the 20% or 30% we do. So it's still not beneficial in the long run. Samburu, Fulani [unintelligible]. They just live on milk, blood and meat. Fulani is 90% on milk.

Q: What about salads?

A: Well, if you're a cooked fooder, yes. If you eat cooked food, if you have putrefactive matter, you can get a loss of enzymes and vitamins. So if you eat a salad for a cooked meal, it will provide some enzymes and vitamins. It will also provide fiber. It will push the stuff that's not moving through. On a raw diet, it will over-alkalize the intestines and the intestines. Also, it's very alkalinizing to the colon. Your E. coli is completely [unintelligible]. Even if it's slightly alkaline. The E. coli is responsible for synthesizing your B vitamins and amino acids to back up your insulin. So on a raw diet, 80% raw, salad is not something to have very often. If you're 100% raw, you can have one maybe once a year.

Q: So how about tomatoes?

A: Tomatoes are a fruit, not a vegetation. They're a fruit. They're a bland fruit. The only cellulose part of it, the complex cellulose, is the skin.

Q: How about avocados?

A: Avocados are a fruit. Anything that's a produce of a plant is a fruit. If it's a leaf stalk, a root, a vegetable.

Q: So tomatoes [unintelligible]?

A: No, they're so little skin.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: So you have to understand, any kind of hormone supplement is going to give you a boost. That's what we mean by healthy. And often it's not healthy. [unintelligible], they have it in coffee and other chocolate, other nerve stimulants.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You need to eat fat. If you're not eating fat, you're not going to build your own hormones. If you're eating them together, and you're eating enough, you're going to build your own hormones. And they won't be toxic. DHEA is toxic. It's forcing the nerve in. It causes cancer and progresses very rapidly.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Of course. If you want a thyroid, [unintelligible].

Q: So, but if the thyroid is not working?

A: There are all [unintelligible]. [unintelligible], I would say probably 50% of my clients have not functioning thyroid. But their parathyroids are very active. They're way overactive, and they're making up for the inactivity of the thyroid. The adrenal can overproduce, and the body can convert some of that adrenaline into any other hormone.  People just don't eat enough raw meats and raw fats together to make sure that the body can do its balancing. When people are shoving food in their insides all the time, all the heterocyclic amines, [unintelligible]. So when you're on this kind of a diet, you have to have a different thinking. You don't go out there for supplementation.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: If you're eating properly, you're [unintelligible]. Look at it this way. The stress in our environment is [unintelligible]. If you have lived outdoors, or you're living outdoors every day, you're out in the wind, you're out in the shade, the temperature changes, you're dealing with the sunlight, you're dealing with the coldness of the night, you're dealing with the wind chill factor, that's stress. You can imagine living in Alaska and going to [unintelligible], and do that, and they do it very easily as long as you're on raw food, which is predominantly fats. You can handle it all. If you're eating properly, your body can do a lot. It can handle the little stress there is in our environment. The worst thing we have in our environment is pollution. Air pollution, water pollution, all of that. You get beyond that, you eat well enough, and then you won't get that.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: If you want a natural thyroid, take thyroid, eat a thyroid. That's the only natural thyroid you can get.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Eat one, and how long do patients start feeling the disease again? [unintelligible] Low energy, which comes from the lowly active thyroid. Inactive thyroid. And then you just eat it again. When I first ate one, it lasted for about three months. The next time it lasted for six months. The next time it lasted for 12 months. The next time it lasted for 18 months. The next time it lasted for three years.

Q: Where do you get that?

A: There are sources. Check with Kathy.

Q: I remember you mentioning that sometimes the thyroid might be malfunctioning because it's loaded the toxins and [unintelligible].

A: You're eating [unintelligible] thyroid. But you're eating fresh thyroid at this time. If you're eating high thyroid, my advice is [unintelligible].

Q: [unintelligible]

Q: How would you know that your thyroid is malfunctioning?

A: Well, I can tell by looking at the palm. But if you have enough energy for your day, [unintelligible]. The gland is functioning well enough.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: That has to do with protein. If you had onyx therapy, that means your body is using carbohydrates as fuel, and you've got some advanced glycation end products like [unintelligible], and you're [unintelligible].When you make a... When you use Pyruvate, when you use a glucagon, it has your nerve fuel instead of carbohydrates, you only have a 7% to 8% byproduct of advanced glycation end products that you're storing. But with carbohydrates, you have a 70% to 90% byproduct of advanced glycation end products. The whole brain gets sticky. If you start your day off, you know, after the juice, an hour later, if you start your day off with a meat and fat, you're going to be clearly... You're going to save your fruit for the afternoon.

Q: If you wait until lunchtime, noon, [unintelligible].

A: It should be within an hour and a half of getting out of bed. But it's even better if it's not an hour and a half. Get up and have the juice immediately, and 45 minutes to an hour later, have your meat meal, and you're going to function and think a lot better. You're going to have more clarity and more focus.

Q: Even in the middle of the afternoon.

A: Even in the middle of the afternoon. Because it burns slowly, it's not a carb. Okay, next question.

Q: I know one of my [unintelligible]?

A: Well, I've mentioned that in the book, but the [unintelligible]. One of the places where the stomach secretes hydrochloric acid is the stomach wall. It's also absorbed into it. And when it does that, it gets into the tissues. So you're eating a toxic diet of cooked food with all the acrylamide and the lipid peroxides. That's going to create an acidic condition and get into your tissues. You're going to have to have [unintelligible] coating the membrane of the elementary canal and it's going to absorb into the tissues. And when it does, right into the [unintelligible]. Because it will dump acid right into the esophagus. And it will cause a burning. And you have to take [unintelligible].

Q: I've never had burning, but I've had pneumonia. I was down for the last night with pneumonia. [unintelligible]

A: Do you get all that? It's the tissue. [unintelligible] burning is like an ulcer.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] Do you have any other questions?

Q: Yes. Recently, I detoxed with a severe cold. And I suspect maybe because weeks earlier, I had been exposed to a lot of toxic fumes. But this was the first time I had detoxed with a cold in, gosh, three or four years, I think. Anyway, it was quite severe, and I have followed the recipe book for what to take when you have a cold. And the fruit shakes and the [unintelligible] and all that. But my question is, why did I feel so severe? The most severe headaches I've had in a long time, the first night. And I just had to go through it. And by taking these detoxing formulas, does that make it more severe or less severe? Just what exactly was the role of the detoxing formulas in my case?

A: [unintelligible] Whenever you have a detoxification like a cold or flu, you're in the end of the detoxification. Your body may have been breaking down for months or years. You have a viral or bacterial [unintelligible] or the virus dissolving. It collects from the lymph and other tissue. And when the body's ready to dump it out the mucous membranes, that's when you have [unintelligible].  Every three days, I go through, my eyes just start creaming, literally, they get cream out of my eyes. And the nose starts running. And it may last a couple of hours and go away for three or four hours and come back again. But it happens only one day every three days. The way the body expresses it, you get rid of it. But when you're going through a cold or a flu, that begins a very long cycle of detoxification. So that's the healing crisis where you're getting rid of the bacteria, you're lowering the bacteria level, you're no longer manufacturing the viral level of the solvents, the dissolved tissue. Viruses are not alive, they don't self-replicate. It's like saying, Tide soap, because it's in everybody's home, self-replicate. We have industries in the body, sub-laboratories or particle laboratories, that produce these soaps called viruses. Viruses, dissolved cells and tissue, net bacteria and parasites cannot even get in the building to detoxify. The body builds viruses in the soap. This is all medical professionals who love to scare you with viruses.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Parasites and bacteria can eat organic tissue, break it down, even in the toxic, and eliminate it from the system. If it is too toxic with our industrial pollutants, the body has to use solvents, like viruses, to dissolve these compounds. Those wastes are highly toxic. You take a vulture or a crow, and they'll eat the whole animal, and they'll put a turd out to feed the next day. They reduce this huge animal to a turd. And that's the toxicity that prevents a lot of pollution, air pollution, gas pollution, in our atmosphere. That's what bacteria and parasites do. When the body uses viruses, it isn't the same thing at all. It is not consuming. It is dissolving. It is a chemical that dissolves. And you have all of this fluid that will come around and dilute it. So you have this vast amount of waste processing. Bacteria and parasites do that, and they reduce the product so it can be eliminated. A lot can be eliminated in a short period of time. When your body uses viruses, you have all this accumulation of waste product that is diluted and everywhere. It's very difficult. The more industrial we get, the more polluters we get, the worse it gets for us. And the more of us that have to use viruses rather than bacteria and healthy parasites. And over in Thailand, people [unintelligible]. The medical profession has got them thinking. I put aloe vera, cut fresh aloe vera, and put it on my lip, and here, the doctors went nuts because it wasn't [unintelligible]. And they've got all of these people thinking that if you come in contact with somebody and about every three or four hours you have to take a shower. Some of these people take four to eight showers a day, and they use soap after soap after soap. [unintelligible] storing bacteria. The only thing they can use to dissolve anything in their system are viruses. [unintelligible] So they've got all the medical profession has these small herbal companies that are doing this. And most everybody here in this country does. Everybody's afraid of it.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] you take anti-parasitical materials, drugs, to get rid of your parasites. Best friends.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: They're beneficial.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, if you're a [unintelligible].

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, you can't catch it. Like I said, you need to read my book. It's like bears come out of hibernation. You have bacteria and parasites that come out of hibernation in your body when the asthma is cleared and the [unintelligible]. Correct. So that's why it seems slightly pandemic. People get it all at the same time, the same kind of bacteria. Well, that's because they're coming out of hibernation. And you have a seven-year cycle. You've got about somewhere around 60 varieties of bacteria that feed on different parts of your body. And only certain ones can come out at certain times in the seven-year cycle. And people get the same ones. Well, they get the same ones because that's when they come out of hibernation, not because they're contagious. But the medical profession suggests you to run to them and take their medications and everything. Because you're in fear. Because you don't understand. If diseases were really contagious, everybody would be sick.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] Why doesn't this American go down and, you know, the British go down and Canadians go down to these places and introduce [unintelligible]? They have so much trouble. And it isn't the diarrhea dominating that's the problem. When they go for the medications, that's the cause of their death. It causes them to go out and kill them. So it's the treatment or the [unintelligible]. So the meat doesn't [unintelligible].

Q: Regarding my question. [unintelligible]

A: To produce mucus. Those foods, as I suggest, eggs and milk, produce a lot of mucus and can carry the poisons out.

Q: They work that way. They certainly produce a lot of mucus.

A: That's what we're after. Otherwise, they stay in the tissue.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible]

Q: [unintelligible]

A: That's usually some very hardened tissue in the body that's eliminated. That's heavily mineral-balanced. Concentrated.

Q: Would that apply to the harder yellow and green mucus at the end? At the end of a cycle of a cold, that's when I always notice it coming out of the lungs.

A: Yeah. Mineral-balanced.

Q: On the diet, usually the cold people get every three, four years.

A: Well, I like people to get it several a year. That's why if you do the weight gain and weight loss, you're basically forcing it.

Q: It has a compound.

Q: So if I have more colds, once I'm on a weight loss and weight gain, I should consider myself grateful.

A: Absolutely.

Q: Even six, seven weeks of mucus flowing.

A: No wonder. How many years did you crap food? Toxic food.

Q: At least 40 years.

Q: 40?

A: How much mucus do you think you're going to have to do to get rid of all that? Okay. Next.

Q: I was going to ask a question about [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] Something like that. Maybe I should give you a real response. We're in a weak condition. [unintelligible]

A: That's exactly it. There's no statistics that any vaccine works. Not one. There's no laboratory test to prove that any vaccine works. Any at all. It is all theoretical.

Q: And where would that research information be found?

A: It's all over the internet. All over the internet. If you go to the vaccine websites that are not medically produced, you'll find a lot of information.

Q: Do they have mercury?

A: Mostly.

Q: Mostly.

A: Liquid thimerosal. [unintelligible]

Q: Someone's phone.

Q: I'll call.

A: Okay.

Q: I want to tell a story. I've been on a diet for six months. And I was like, I couldn't go two hours without eating. [unintelligible] I was mad. I can go all day and it's not good. But when I can't get food, it's a wonderful time. [unintelligible] And now it's like a new life. I think it's protein.

A: It's protein and fats together.

Q: And how many months were you on the diet before you had your surgery? Was it one month? Was it only one month? Was it one month before you had surgery? And your tumor was way smaller [unintelligible]?

Q: Oh, no, that was six months because I had the chemo. [unintelligible]

A: You mean after I gave you a specific diet for you to [unintelligible]?

Q: Yes, definitely. I just thought, in the past, I just thought you told me that when you finally got your surgery, the doctors were amazed that instead of the tumor being like a grapefruit, it was being able to be this small-

Q: Seven centimeters. And once they took it out, I was like, [unintelligible].

Q: That's like nothing. Why did you do surgery? [unintelligible]

A: No, you were shrinking. And by the time you got to surgery, it had shrunk so much.

Q: They didn't know.

A: The biopsy is taking the tube, throwing it into your tissue, taking the whole section of tissue out. So all, no matter if it's nerve, if it's layers of tissue, all of it starts bleeding into each other. So you're taking a clump of tissue, as deep as you do that biopsy into that tissue, all of that stuff drains into each other. And they don't belong into each other.

Q: I thought they only did that to trees.

Q: [laughter]

A: And wells.

Q: Yeah, wells.

Q: Was it a tumor or a cancer?

A: Pardon?

Q: Tumor or a cancer?

A: Well, you could have basal cell cancer, just not tumor.

Q: Tumor is a collection of cells.

A: Dead cells. Squamous cell or basal cell. The basal cell is more acidic and dissolves itself. Squamous cell develops. It's larger. Squamous cells are usually, it's like a scaly growth that keeps growing. Your basal cell cancer starts melting as it grows. It just keeps melting itself.

Q: Can you have internal?

A: Oh, yes, you can. A lot of bone cancer. My cancer is dissolving the bone.

Q: So why do people die from cancer? If it's kind of a detox, which you said earlier.

A: Because they don't need eat the foods. It just gets more toxic. They don't have the nutrients to clean it. Just like you try to clean, let's say you're going to raze this building and rebuild it, but you have no materials to break it down right, and all your workers come in and get toxic. They have no masks. They have nothing to start carrying everything down. So they die and can't even get off the property. So you keep bringing more people in to do the work, and there are more bodies lying. It just keeps getting worse. You don't have the proper material nor the vehicles to transport the decaying matter out of the system. On this diet, it doesn't change anything. People think that this diet causes more detoxification. It does not. There's 12 to 18 percent less detoxification that occurs in people on the diet than those off the diet. However, the thing that's different between this diet and normal eating, the SAD diet, the Standard American Diet, is that you heal properly on this diet after you detoxify properly. So you get younger and healthier every day instead of getting more toxic every day.

Q: Each person is different as far as the time it takes to heal.

A: Absolutely. Well, no, I find that they go through different kinds of detoxes, and their body will take care of different parts of the body differently than other people. But overall, it still takes 40 years for everyone, if they're 100 percent.

Q: Talk about doing coffee enemas.

A: That's not healthy.

Q: Liver flushes?

A: Those aren't healthy. That's nothing to do with primal diet. Those are aggressive ways of trying, like beating a child to get him to be [unintelligible]. That's not healthy. Do you have a question?

Q: Yes. I've got a question about, a concern about the possible radiation emitted from the computer monitors on the backs of the seats on the airplane.

Q: The computer monitors?

Q: The computer monitors on the backs of the seats.

A: There is an LCD monitor.

Q: Oh, I see.

Q: Those are the TVs.

Q: Oh, the television you're talking about? LCD?

Q: Yeah, the monitors, yeah.

A: In the airplane.

Q: Oh, all the airplanes.

A: They're all LCD screens. The radiation fallout on the LCD screen is about an inch.

Q: So they're in the seat in the back of the headrest?

A: An inch and a half. They're four inches, six inches thick.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: There you go.

Q: Sure. Regarding dehydrated food, so if, you mentioned that [unintelligible], it could be dehydrated. So it doesn't matter if it's been dehydrated to a very low temperature or if they're in a...

A: It doesn't make any difference. If I dehydrate you and you die at a low temperature, are you going to come back to me?

Q: I'm really spiritually powerful.

A: Well, congratulations. I'm afraid I touched you.

Q: [laughter]

Q: Well, I mean, with like the minerals and vitamins that are within some of those...

A: You have to understand enzymes make use of everything. It's like if I go into a factory and I kill all my workers, are my managers going to be able to do anything? It takes the enzymes to make everything new be utilized properly.

Q: And so soaking something in mineral water wouldn't necessarily resurrect it?

A: That doesn't provide enzymes. What it will do, it will start... If you take something that's dehydrated and rehydrate it, you'll have enzymes for decomposition that are starting to form. But not sustained life. A life of a growing living substance. It will be for decomposition, for decay.

Q: Okay, and might...

A: Same with freezing food. You freeze the food, immediately what does it do? Every cell will go start in decomposition.

Q: Could that be useful for any detoxific problems?

A: A lot of smokers could do that. That's why I tell smokers and other people who have lung problems to eat ice cream.

Q: Eat ice cream?

A: Eat ice cream.

Q: What about the sugar?

A: I mean the raw ice cream. We're not talking... I mean I'm talking about everything's raw. We're not talking about coffee enemas, coffee's cooked, all that stuff. We're not talking about raw food.

Q: But with ice cream, I haven't ever made ice cream. According to your recipe, do you freeze it?

A: Well, when you do it like that, you've frozen it.

Q: So you're saying that frozen ice cream, according to your recipe, is good for smokers?

A: Good for smokers and anybody who has lung problems. Emphysema and asthma.

Q: However, rehydrating something dry that has all these decomposition enzymes isn't necessarily a natural thing. So there are no herbs that could be dried at low temperatures and then soaked and then used to facilitate...

A: Yeah, you can. You can create that. Some of the stuff I'll go over in the detox book. And you can take molds of anything and enzymes for the deterioration of anything and help get rid of it. You know, of similar substances within your body. Like people that don't, you know, let's say... I ate a lot of sugar crisps because when I was a kid I just boxed it up. Sometimes a couple boxes a day when I was in school. You know, I was in college or high school. I ate what I wanted to. [unintelligible] Rice. Pumped rice. Basically with lots of sugar on it. So I used to take rice and let it break down into a mold and then eat it. It helped clear some of that out of my system. Every food that I've eaten cooked, I eat moldy. I eat moldy stuff, cleared out of my system. Cooked food, you destroy all the natural, ecological breakdowns that naturally occur. It helps you eliminate waste products of any food. They're cooked, they're destroyed. So how do you replace them? You have to grow them and ingest them.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: I prefer not dehydrated, I prefer that they, you know, get the moisture, break them up, and cause a different kind of a mold, so it's a little bit more accurate. You'll have more enzymes, even if you create a mold on a fresh food, then you will on a dehydrate the food. There'll be a lot less enzymes when it's dehydrated.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] will get done with it, but probably June.

Q: Well, this year.

A: No, next year.

Q: Oh, yeah, that's right.

Q: Can you explain how eating ice cream is going to repair the lungs?

A: Well, I didn't create the world.

Q: You didn't?

A: I created my world, not the world in general. I just watch what it does. I noticed that in all of my patients that had lung problems or smokers, that when they had ice cream, within hours sometimes, they would start coughing up mucus. So this is something I learned over a 10-year period by observing what happens.

Q: Do you have a clue why?

A: I don't have a clue why it does it on those people, mainly those people.

Q: You just said that the enzymes form a decaying…

A: Yes, but why does it go to the lungs and not somewhere else? Why not the liver? Because the liver deals with fat more than anything else. I don't know, but it goes to the lungs.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible] Donvier. The hand-crank Donvier.

Q: Where do you get it?

Q: Find it on the Internet.

A: Find it on the Internet. D-O-N-V-I-E-R, Donvier. D-O-N-V-I-E-R. D-O-N-V-I-E-R.

Q: How do you do that without Internet?

A: Go to a library.

Q: [unintelligible] the other one that you saw.

A: The Donvier is nice. If you get the electrical crank ones, you put EMFs directly in your ice cream. When you hand-crank, use the hand-crank, you only have to turn it every five minutes. You have to turn it for a minute out of every five minutes. And in 20 minutes, 25 minutes, you have ice cream.

Q: Does anybody have it that you can call them and get their phone number? I don't have an Internet.

Q: It's 310...

A: Later. Do you have a...

Q: Is this diet good for people with mental problems?

A: Mental problems? It's the only diet they should be on. They should have lots of protein and more of the alkalizing proteins with the acid proteins. They should be mixing red and white together. They should not eat red meat. If you have mental problems, it's the same meal. Chicken and fish and beef all together.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It depends on the person's mental problem. The chemical imbalance that's causing their mental issues. It has to be specific in those cases.

Q: You told somebody that when they have their juice in the morning, they should have meat?

A: 45 minutes to an hour later.

Q: You told me in my consultation that I should have eggs first.

A: That was from the time that I saw you. That was for a year. Whether you still should do that, I don't know. Whether I can still recommend it. But you have some toxicity, some kind of chemical toxicity that needed to be pulled out after a sleep state. The way you can remedy that, you have juice and then you can have your eggs and meat together. That's the way I do it. Especially now, because I can't chew. I have to chop my meat and make it very slimy and let it slide down. You guys didn't get it. I got mugged in Thailand. They broke my jaw. It was wired.

Q: I read across this tape lecture by Dr. Wallach. The main point that he made was, he said the longest living people, he quoted about six tribes or six nations. They were like the Hunza, the Titicaca and about four others. He attributed their longevity to them living at high altitudes where all the crops were fed by mineral, glacier water which was very milky because it had a high mineral content. Essentially what he was saying, their longevity was due to the fact that the water they drank, the food they ate was irrigated with very high mineral content. Is that true at all?

A: I've heard that theory since the early 60s. There is no proof of that and no one has gone in to see if there is a difference. There is a group of people in Georgia, Russia. They are the longest living. They lived to, I think the oldest one was about 166, 168. The average was about 127, 130. There was one couple that was married for 92 years and that was their second marriage.

Q: 60 minutes did special. It opened up with a man 105 going to his mother's birthday party. They walked up and down [unintelligible] all day. The cameramen couldn't keep up with them, the young guys. They drank, they smoked, but the most important thing I saw, they had a family love that was so incredible. The grandparents, great grandparents, great great, all lived together. They are the teachers of the young and they are nurtured and they are loved. There is such a close love between them all. That was the most important thing.

A: There is lots of those people all over the world. [unintelligible] But they, lots of raw meat and lots of raw eggs.

Q: The Georgians?

A: Yeah. National Geographic and those Discovery Channels shy away from this. Discovery Channel called me four times over the past year talking about doing a show and every time they get scared. So they don't like to present anything that goes against the medical curriculum. So they don't present to you what the real people really eat. The Fulani and those kind of people, they do because they are African and it's okay. But when it comes to a white man eating that way, they do not publish it. They had scheduled me for filming three times in Kansas. Canceled. Three times. So you can't believe it was National Geographic, as those people say, because they are mainly academics who are making those documentaries. They are very brainwashed medical-oriented academics.

Q: They also have got a job to keep.

A: Yes.

Q: They have sponsors to keep.

A: Absolutely.

Q: What about Weston Price? I mean, do you think that he...

A: Weston Price was an adventurer. He was not a scientist. He lived very brief times, very short times in tribes. He really didn't get to know them, their culture, because most tribes, when I was traveling, would tell you everything but lies, unless you lived with them for a very long time. They mistrust the white man completely. There are many things that the American Indians used to tell the white men they would do for their strength and endurance, though they were very unhealthy to do, and they wanted the white man [unintelligible]. And they would pretend to do these things. So Weston Price was an adventurer. He was not a scientist.

Q: But he took a lot of photos.

A: Yes, but you have to take a look. If I put in the same photos, I can go into a civilization with a wide jaw and everything, and you can't call a wide jaw normal for that civilization, because you have all kinds of bone structures that are different. You can go into India and see the same type of bone structure everywhere in the world. You can go to Thailand, Malaysia, everywhere. Some people have big jaws, some people have little jaws. And even if they're eating healthy, you go to the Maasai the same way, the Fulani, these people who have no diseases. And you have different bone structures. It's just a difference in nature. But he would take pictures of people and make these, like the Nazis did, make these huge extrapolations on them and base these theories on it, and it had nothing to do with facts. The only thing that I did agree with him was congestive teeth. If they went off their natural diet that their body wasn't used to assimilating, whether it was cooked or raw, their teeth would bunch together and cause buck teeth or double teeth.

Q: Right, because they would show a family with six children and the parents have the first two children while they were eating their native diet. And then they went to work for four years at an American camp and had sugar and stuff, and they'd show the next two children who had one clubfoot and one, and they had messed up teeth. And then they'd go back to their tribal land, eat their tribal diet, and the next two kids did have normal teeth.

A: That was the only thing I agreed with him was worth it. Francis Pottinger was a scientist. I mean, taking 900 cats over a 10-year period and giving them different diets, and following each one specifically, photographing everyone at autopsy, that's science. That man was a scientist. He proved that raw food creates health and cooked foods, depending upon the cooking and the processing, the degree, the worse the disease.

Q: And I was just talking with someone earlier about this, and I am throwing it out there. So I was saying that your theory is that this diet is the optimal diet, but that the body can withstand a lot of assault from cooked foods. So if, for example, what Weston Price was saying about their diet, say, being 50% cooked, even if that was more than it was, that because they didn't have all the pollutants in the air, they didn't have, I don't know, maybe other factors showing that they were still able to have that really nice jaw structure and be free of the pain.

A: Well, you have to understand, these people ate 5, 6 foods at the most. So their bodies got used to it, even when cooked. There was the chemistry that the body learned. We have, where is it, somewhere around 643,000 in chemicals in the last 100 years. Bodies can't even get used to it. There's no way we're going to have health in here, unless you're on a completely raw diet. I mean, there's no way you can handle the pollution in the air, unless you're on 100% raw diet. I mean, if you do have to live in the Tules, you know, with some native tribe where there's no pollution, you might get away with, you know, being that you came from a very toxic, cosmopolitan society, you might get away with 10, 20% cooked and be in marvelous health. But we're not.

Q: Where do you get the idea of cooking food? Is that a European idea, or is it a...

A: There are lots of theories about why cooking started. There are many, many, many theories. Most of them are because they, if you watch the American Indians, when they used to do it, the Kostner excavations in Ohio and Indiana show that the American Indians would migrate to that whole valley along the Mississippi River, the Ohio Valley, and they would stay there for about 175 years every time they'd do it. But they couldn't stay there for more than that without forming disease, because they'd hunt around the area, they would kill all the animals, then they'd have to rely upon agriculture. They'd have to rely upon plants and nuts and seeds and grains. Cultivating, you don't digest those very well. We're not cows, not herbivores. So they started cooking them to be able to release and eat more of it and assimilate more of it, but then you have all the toxicity that goes along with it. So within 175 years of doing that, they started developing osteoporosis and other diseases. So that they would give up the land and then go, you know, become nomads again, get their health back. But they always had an inclination to be rooted, but when you root and your society develops, and you don't have refrigerators, meat doesn't keep, unless you dry it, and then dried meat doesn't give you a lot of health.

Q: [unintelligible] but I listen a lot and I take what you're saying in [unintelligible]. But I listen to [unintelligible] and how they told us things to mislead us so we hurt ourselves or whatever. And I go, well, where does that come from? I don't know where you learned that, or tonight they're going to go, oh, go tell the next guy. I don't know where, like, I'd like to know where the basis of that is.

A: No, when I was living with the Indians, the Yaqui Indians told me the same thing, the Mayan Indians told me the same thing, the Indian, the Alaskan, the Tuscan.

Q: They did that?

A: Yeah, they still did.

Q: Which groups?

A: All of them. Any white man would come around, they would tell them tales that really were not happening.

Q: So how long [unintelligible].

A: Usually about 10 days. But there was a very different level as I was involved, because there was a very different way of... I mean, you could see the elders moving, they moved [unintelligible]. They were the ones that always let me stay, because they were the ones to make the decisions. But, you know, you get into the conversation. They would tell the stories about how they got this white man to do this and this and that. Roger, do you have a question?

Q: Let me pass.

A: Okay, do you have a question?

Q: Yeah, I live out of the area, about three hours from here, and it's hard for me to get fresh meat on a weekly basis. How can I, what can I do?

A: Where do you live?

Q: Near Big Bear, and the closest store is like in this area, Whole Foods, for the fresh... I'm looking for... I know you said you could buy store-bought meat, but I'd rather get... come out here and buy grass-fed. How can I store it, or what can I do?

A: Put it in glass jars.

Q: Okay.

A: You can keep it for a month, or a month, or a year, then. I kept it for a year, then. It's just that you need to bring your jars in town with you.

Q: Bring it out to the store.

A: Take it to the... well, yeah. No, you'll have to take it in your car. And have, you know, ice, a block of ice there with you in your cooler. And you have the jars in the cooler getting cold, and you have them cut it into slices. You just want to have them do it all for you. It's very quick. So, you know, long slices like this, fitting a long woodcut, you're getting top-down, bottom-down, sirloin, whatever. And then cut it into strips. Shove it in the quartz wide-mouth jars. Put the lid on it right out of your car. I do it because I live in Malibu. Hour for me. So I shove it into those jars in the trunk, put it in the cooler, and I can keep it for a year.

Q: Okay. Do I have to air it every once in a while?

A: You never want to air it unless you want it high.

Q: Ah, okay. So I don't want to...

A: I mean, the one that I kept a year, I hadn't opened it for a year. From the time I brought it home, I never opened it. When I opened it, there was [unintelligible].

Q: And it was high?

A: No, it was not. No, I had about that much air space.

Q: Oh, because you have the ice on it? What kept it so long.

A: Just because I kept it chilled in the refrigerator.

Q: You kept it in the refrigerator?

A: Yeah.

Q: As long as you don't open it.

A: Correct, and you keep it in the refrigerator.

Q: Now I could open it and it would still keep a long time, but it would turn into high meat.

A: Yeah.

Q: I have the ability to purge and put CO2 and nitrogen into the jars with that. Do you have any benefit?

A: It'd be ill benefit.

Q: All right.

A: But there are other ways. You could put some colostrum or thin layer of colostrum or kefir or soured milk or soured cream on top, and that'll steal it too, but then you're going to have that flavor that permeates the meat.

Q: I know a lot of your theories are on bacteria, healthy bacteria. Have you ever considered fermenting things, especially vegetables, and do you think they're still unhealthy?

A: No, I still ferment sometimes for detoxification. I've done a good amount of that in a detoxification.

Q: Okay, so you think that fermented vegetables could play a role?

A: Only because you've eaten cooked vegetables.

Q: Oh, by themselves. Okay, that still probably applies to everything.

A: Yeah. And not a lot, just a little. [unintelligible] detoxification. Do you have a question?

Q: No, I don't.

A: Do you have a question?

Q: No, I don't.

A: Do you have a question?

Q: No.

A: Do you have a question?

Q: No.

Q: Oh, I do. What clay did you recommend?

A: One is the French green clay. The one I'm experimenting with now is terramin. And you go to www.terramin.com.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No, it's an off-white clay.

Q: And how do we use it?

A: Well, depends. Whatever I call for in the books, use them anywhere there. Of course if you have pain, it helps with pain. I blend that with my pain formula. Because you can always use clay to bing with toxic minerals. You have to understand that when you have toxic compounds in your body, your body uses minerals to bind with it. And then fats to chelate with that, remove it from the body. So your body doesn't use good, healthy minerals like from your juice and your food to bind with toxins in your body. I prefer using cheese and clay for that. So that the minerals from my juice and the minerals from my food can be used to strengthen, regenerate, or produce new cells. So that is the only supplement that I use, basically, I call, because cheese is a dried substance and it's not fresh and it's not high in enzymes, I call it a supplement. And clay is the same way. It's a supplement. That's the only supplement I agree with. Well, of course, I did mention in the book that some dehydrated glandular tissues can stimulate growth and activity of that gland, but it's always preferable to get the gland fresh and eat it fresh or eat it high.

Q: Can we say, any clay or is there any clays that should stay away from it?

A: No, no, no. They're very specific about clay. Let me tell you, most clays have volcanic molten metals in them like mercury, uranium, and all of that, and they don't work for health. Yet, they promote them like the Aztec secret clay. That is from a volcanic bed and it's full of molten metals. And when I was doing tests for years with that, it added scarring to an area. It would allow for, and they kept promoting it as healing, and yet it wasn't healing like the Indian clay that they use. When I lived outdoors for three years, the Indians got me to use the clay a lot. But I pulled the clay right out of the river beds and the stream beds and used that to make a seal [unintelligible] like this seal. The clay [unintelligible] worked pretty quickly. And this had fragments and board and everything else on the pavement, so it was still full of dirt. But the terramin still worked pretty well. I still think the French green clay works a little bit better, but it's hard to tell the difference.

Q: The French green clay?

A: Pardon?

Q: That French green clay you said [unintelligible]?

A: The Co-Opportunity has it in the bulk department. Whole Foods over at Cimbinela National has it in bulk in the cosmetic department.

Q: You can order five pounds from meltonroseherbs.com for really, really [unintelligible].

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Pardon? I just said, to bind with toxic metals and other poisons pulled out of the system. You can drink it and apply it on the surface. Apply it to wounds to create a quick... Let's say you get a... Like here, I got a gash. I got hit by a crowbar here, a hammer, I don't know which it was, and a board here. Those were pretty dirty. So I wouldn't let the hospital clean it, because they clean it with iodine and stuff like that. So I let them clean the blood away with alcohol. I let them have a little bit. I give them a little bit, something that's not so damaging. So I let them clean around it, but I wouldn't let them clean out the wounds with methylated [unintelligible] or iodine. So I knew that I had to have the clay to draw it out. So I had to take the stitches out two days early, because I wanted it to open up again, just a tiny bit. So then I packed the clay on it. There's still clay up in the middle of the wound. That lets me know that it's still toxic. Because usually, if I put clay on it, and there's not a lot of toxins in the cut, the clay will drop off and the scab will go away almost immediately in days. This has been now seven days, so I know there was dirt in there. There's a lot of it in there that the clay is pulling out.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, I don't get it. Well, I got it wet today, but usually I don't get it.

Q: You don't have any sense that clearing it and putting fresh clay around it is going to help pull the stuff out? I'm guessing that because you haven't changed the pulpis or whatever you're calling it, you're thinking that... I've always understood with pulpis that you change them so you can put fresh out and draw it fresh.

A: Well, clay is not as pulpis. Pulpis is taking vegetables, fresh, and beating them up into a mince and then applying it. Or taking dried herbs, rehydrating them and beating it into a mince and applying it.

Q: Okay, wet clay rather than pulpis.

A: Well, it was wet when I put it on.

Q: Right. And I understood that it has a certain drawing power and [unintelligible].

A: It keeps drawing and keeps drawing and keeps drawing fluids. And as it draws the fluids, it draws the toxic metals and other substances with it. And it will constantly do it. Clay does not have that.... Clay is like rock. It can rain every day. It's going to keep absorbing and keep absorbing and keep absorbing. It will reach a point where it absorbs less, but it still continues to absorb as long as it's on.

Q: Is it on the surface of your skin or did you put it in your wound?

A: Well, I put it in the wound. I rubbed it in. Once I got it, once they took the stitches out, it opened a little bit and I rubbed it in.

Q: What did you mix it with?

A: Water.

Q: Mineral water?

A: Mineral water that had no carbon because I didn't want the bacteria to be destroyed. Carbonation will destroy bacteria.

Q: And what was that? Trinity or what?

A: No, I used Perrier because that's all I could get in Thailand. And I just shake the carbon out of the bottle.

Q: What about pure water? Do you use pure water?

A: There's still water. That's toxic water. Unless it's rain. Rainwater is high in bacteria. Do you have a question?

Q: I've had like, [unintelligible] an acid reflux condition. I've had that for a long time. And about six months back, I went to an herbalist and he put me on a whole food diet, like a lot of fiber and he recommended that I eat [unintelligible] food and gave me lots of supplements. And iodine was one of them that we took.

A: Well, that'll make your eyes open. Reflux will never go away if you take iodine. Iodine is one of the most toxic minerals there is. It's radioactive. And if you're around the TV or anything, the radiation, radioactivity of that iodine is going to increase.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Those are heavy metals. They're all toxic metals. Plants are made to eat dirt. Rock. Plants make food and life out of rock. Rain comes down, dissolves it. The plants absorb it and make it into a life food. Then other animals eat the plants and then other animals eat the other animals. That's the way it goes.  Clay is the only time I supplement it because of our toxicity. But if you're taking mineral supplements and isolate it like that, very not.

Q: It did help with a lot of the parts of your body.

A: Well, yeah, those metals will absorb, I mean those minerals will absorb the acids.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Eating cooked foods that are high in acid and your body develops the hydrochloric acid and it gets absorbed into the stomach lining because your mucus doesn't protect the problem. So the hydrochloric acid from your stomach that is produced to dissolve proteins, animal matter, is too acidic and it gets into the stomach lining and sits in there. And you don't have enough mucus to protect it from backing up into your stomach. And it causes acid to be used. It's backing up into your stomach. It backs up into your esophagus.

Q: So the tougher, I mean I read your book and I've had a hard time because I have an aversion to meat in the first place because of my acid. [unintelligible]

A: Well, the Dalai Lama believed that... Dalai Lama felt the same way until he started getting sick a few years, a year ago. And one of his best friends is on my diet, Fred Siegel. And Fred Siegel says, listen, I've been on this diet a year, I feel incredible, I've changed my whole life. And he says, yeah, you look so young, you look 15 years younger. And so the Dalai Lama now eats raw meat. And he goes around telling people to eat the meat.

Q: I've been trying to get myself used to it by going to the kitchen bar and just having a little bit of meat. The meat is a little bit harder to get past. And recently I tried eating the meat rare just to get me started eating the meat.

A: Do the best you can, whatever it takes.

Q: But I'm slowly doing it. What I'm hearing is that vegetables and fruits are not as important at all.

A: They're harmful.

Q: Fruits as well as vegetables.

A: So if you're on a cooked diet, they're very helpful. But on a raw diet, they're harmful.

Q: So when you're on a primal diet, you basically eat 100% meat?

A: No, you're eating meat and dairy, vegetable juices, not whole vegetables. And only fruit once a day.

Q: You're staying away from the plants. Contrary to what other health professionals have believed you should eat.

A: Well, the health professionals are talking about eating cooked foods. And if you're eating cooked foods, you need that fiber, that pulp that will move things through, plus you need the vitamins and enzymes from the vegetables.

Q: So if I'm still trying to acclimate or get used to this process...

A: Acclimate is a wonderful word.

Q: How do I balance or... If I'm eating cooked and I'm eating raw, my family can just really...

A: Well, when you're eating cooked, you eat the raw salad with it.

Q: When I eat cooked, I eat the salad with it.

A: That's a good balance.

Q: And I try for a little while to do it all at one shot. In the morning, I would have like a milkshake. I put the raw milk and the honey and the vanilla in a raw egg.

A: Like I said in the recipe books, not a good way to start the brain off for sugar. It's sticky in the body, you know, you need concentration.

Q: What's the best way to get yourself used to it?

A: Like I said, oh, get used to it? Just do it.

Q: When I had problems with this, I was very gassy.

A: You're what?

Q: Very gassy. If I started drinking a lot of raw milk, I started getting a lot of gas in my stomach.

A: That's pulling the acids because you've got a lot of acidity in those tissues. And the milk draws it right into the stomach and that causes the gaseous reaction. That's a good thing because it'll get rid of your... That's the quickest way to get rid of acid reflux.

Q: It's okay.

A: That's wonderful.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, if you will, just try to belch. Get rid of the gas.

Q: A lot of movement.

A: Milk and cheese are the best things to absorb the acids from acid reflux.

Q: So that's not a bad thing. We all need to have all that movement and all that gas.

A: Yeah, that's the only way you're going to get rid of your acid reflux.

Q: But eventually it'll taper off.

A: Yeah, I think mine lasted for about six years and then I never had it.

Q: Six years?

A: You have to take a look at that. I've gone six years, so I've got 35 years without acid reflux. That's pretty good.

Q: Can I ask a question for my husband?

A: Sure.

Q: He's had a constant back pain recently. He gets like a lump on the right side of his lower back.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: There is. Well, I had my entire spine cauterized from radiation there. This was my movement. That's all I could move. Now I can do anything without pain. When I was in so much pain, I had to crawl on the floor. I had to live in a bathtub because I had so much back pain.

Q: I haven't eaten meat for 22 years.

A: I'm sorry to hear that.

Q: [laughter]

Q: I've had no pork, no egg, no fish, nothing for 22 years.

A: Then why? That's one reason you're not healing. So it's up to you. You can heal or you can stay committed to whatever philosophy you have and continue your back pain.

Q: Everything that back pain [unintelligible] the diet.

A: Oh, yeah. Injury just means that you have an injury that continues to hurt. It means that you haven't cleaned the dead through tissue out of there, the toxicity out of there, and you haven't healed, put new cells in the area to make it stronger. If you eat properly, you can do it. And the way you can force your body to heal any area is put a hot water bottle in that area while you sleep. People say, well, how about if I take a bath? I say, well, then you're heating the whole body. You want to concentrate on an area, you put a hot water bottle in that area. It'll increase circulation, increase nutrients to that area.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: A heating pad is full of EMS, destructive to the cellular, molecular cellular structure.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It's pretty hot. Usually a good mild hot water in a bottle is a little bit better.

Q: But it gets cold in an hour, a hot water bottle, or half an hour.

A: Wrap it. And, you know, they have these, what do you call them, like buntings. Buntings they have for babies. They also have them for hot water bottles or you just wrap it in a pillow case, you know, like a flannel pillow case. It'll keep for 10, 12 hours.

Q: Oh, really?

A: Under the covers.

Q: Yeah.

A: But let's say you're sitting on the couch using it, you have it wrapped, it'll keep for about four or five hours.

Q: So just a mild heat.

A: Yeah, right. 104, 105 degrees.

Q: Oh, okay. I thought it had to be really warm.

A: No, no, no, no, then you'll start destroying the enzymes in your own body.

Q: Is your detox book going to stick straight with...

A: Pardon?

Q: Your detox book? Is it going to stay strictly with diet, or is it going to get into other things?

A: Well, it's going to talk about what is pollution, what forms of pollution, including clothing, anything that's synthesized like rayon, Dagron, any of those synthesized fabrics. Anything that's not cotton, wool, or silk is toxic. It's plastic. And they use solvents or proxies to put it together. So when those fibers break, now all that lint goes and you breathe it in, you're breathing in plastic. That has to be dissolved in your body. You have BPAs, dioxins, all throughout the system. So I'm going to talk about anything that's toxic, rugs, anything that's toxic.

Q: Does that go for [unintelligible] or for your no-press garments?

A: Absolutely.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: [unintelligible]

Q: Okay, I just wanted to say that I'm 60 years now. And I've been on a weight loss.

A: So you're on the diet.

Q: I'm on the diet, yeah, I want to say. I've been on the weight loss, but I didn't have like the Lewis had, where I had a cold on the weight loss. I don't have it. I haven't had a cold in maybe three years. I had a double chin. I was more of the getting shrunk. I mean, less fat on the outside of my face.

A: When I met Kathy, her chin was like this.

Q: Like this, like a. . .

A: I mean, there was no separation.

Q: Yeah, and so that didn't just necessarily have to do with weight loss. It had to do somehow with. . .

A: Toxicity, [unintelligible] and all around. You have to understand, Kathy was catatonic when she came to me. She was almost worse-shaped than Ruth. But this was Kathy when I first met her. I mean, she could barely think. It was pretty bad.

Q: I just like couldn't figure out the words. It was like a sudden, you know, it was still hard for me, forming my thoughts. [unintelligible]

A: She's getting better every day. She had these black, two-color black wrinkles. I mean, black was the blackest I'd ever seen. Liver damage.

Q: I started when I was 27 and a half. [unintelligible] I did much damage to myself. And the thing is, I hurt my, sprained my ankle. Now the question comes. Not sprained, a month ago, it was a tendon. I missed a step and I had this football on this foot. I wanted to know what is a good remedy for that injury.

A: Eat a little bit of cheese.

Q: I'm on a weight loss.

A: Well, still you want to heal your energy. I mean, in your weight loss. I would do it in the afternoon. I would have a section of cheese, probably three inches by a half inch, by whatever thickness the brick cheese is, with about two thumb sizes of unripe pineapple.

Q: Why unripe?

A: You want enzymes, you don't want the sugar.

Q: I thought there's less enzymes in unripe pineapple.

A: I don't know why people get that. There's lots of enzymes in fruit. When it turns into sugar, there's less enzymes and lots of sugar.

Q: So every day, yeah, at two o'clock.

A: Yeah. And have some butter, the cheese and the pineapple.

Q: How much butter?

A: I would have about two tablespoons.

Q: In addition to having my meal with that?

A: No, no, no.

Q: Oh, you have to wait an hour. Don't apply hot water bottles?

A: Yes, absolutely.

Q: Yeah, you can do that too. Because you mentioned in your book [unintelligible].

A: Yeah.

Q: Do that too?

A: When you're on the detox, you don't do that.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, you just put in a little bit like 5% of your juice, 5% of your juice. So that's not much. On a weight loss cycle, I don't like people that have, you know, intense curves. You never know what's going to happen. There's not enough blood fat.

Q: So that won't put any excess weight on you when you're doing weight loss with the cheese and the butter.

A: Well, you need to have a little bit extra to make sure you heal.

Q: Yeah. Okay. I just want to end it with that. [unintelligible]

A: And listen to her. She's calm. She's the calmest I've ever heard.

Q: Not the weight loss. You're not supposed to [unintelligible].

A: You're doing a great job, Kathy.

Q: Thank you. Thank you.

Q: So a hot water bottle on [unintelligible] right afterwards?

A: All the time until you start having pain.

Q: So that's increased circulation and make more swelling?

A: Yeah. If that's what you want.

Q: [unintelligible]

Q: How long should you be on the-

A: Let me finish this. Okay. When you have more pain initially, let's say you have a headache, when you put the hot water bottles on initially, the brain is going to swell. It will cause more of a headache for a few minutes. But the heat will get the sinew that binds the fissures in the skull together. It will cause it to relax. So then within 20 minutes, the skull will expand. When the skull expands, the headache goes away. In an area, you put the hot water bottle on an injured area, it's going to create swelling in the arteries and the muscles, everything around the nerves, cause a little bit more pain. But as soon as all the sinew and all the tendons relax and stretch, there's pain disappearing. Then you get all of this intense circulation of nutrients into that area.

Q: But you don't want to exercise [unintelligible].

A: Well, it all depends. When I broke seven bones in this foot right here, if I was in so much pain that I walked three miles that day and bicycled 12 miles, this pain was so intense. So if I stood there and did nothing or sat there and did nothing, I would have gone out of my mind. And I hadn't figured out any pain formulas at that time.

Q: So you don't want to go to the gym when this is affected?

A: No.

Q: I have a question.

Q: How long should you be on your program or you have a physical problem before you go on a weight loss?

A: It depends upon the condition. If you have a serious condition, I usually tell people to wait two or three years. Some people, if they don't gain a lot of weight, let's say I was really skinny and I got to this size, still say don't go on a weight loss. Some people have been on the diet six, seven, maybe eight years before they go on a weight loss. I like people to get fat, really fat, before they go on a weight loss. [unintelligible] He's putting it on nicely. And he's at that point where if you hold that for two months, then you can go on a weight loss. That's the kind of excess weight I like.

Q: I lost 20 pounds before my diet.

A: They were not doing my diet.

Q: Your recipe book. Okay, your recipe book. I lost 20 pounds. I was down to like 155. [unintelligible]

A: I'm 5'8 and I weigh 180.

Q: You said you felt more tired since you've been on the diet. That happens, doesn't it, when you're first on the diet, your body wants you to sleep more?

A: It's a bit of a controversy. Some people have lots of energy and other people need to rest and relax because they've been high and drinking all their lives. Their whole body is worn out, exhausted. So the body may be tired for two years. But if you can gain the weight, then your body won't be exhausted.

Q: Okay, I got one. Does alcohol improve circulation?

A: The alcoholic industry would love you to believe that. And in convincing the pharmaceutical industry, they'd love you to believe that because it creates brain and liver damage. So if you get sick, you get to go to them. Alcohol in people who are overweight and have congested arteries, yes, it does help because it makes soaps, it helps dissolve toxicity and increases circulation. On this diet, it's not a good thing. But you can get away with it, like I said in the book, like the French do. They eat lots of creams and butter sauces with their meals so they can drink all that alcohol. Alcohol goes into the fat. It's a hell of a way to waste the fat because you're going to make lots of soaps, lots of solvents to detoxify. It's not a balance. But if you want to do it, you can get away with it.

Q: Do you have a new edition of your book?

A: I'm almost finished with it. I'll be finished with it probably in two weeks. And it will probably be out in June.

Q: Is that the first book?

A: Re-edition of the first book.

Q: So, Aajonus, brain damage, liver damage, what else does alcohol do to damage?

A: Oh, it destroys a lot of things. The liver and brain and nerve tissue in general. [unintelligible] Well, do you have my book? Okay, all that information is on the recipe book, page 188.