Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

A: I'm going to begin because there are quite a few people here, so do you have a question?

Q: Oh my goodness, I'm the first one. I need to take all the time to think of something.

A: Okay.

Q: I'll do it.

Q: I listened to the...

Q: Can you speak up?

A: I'll repeat.

Q: To the DVDs talked about...

A: The workshop DVD?

Q: Yes. Yes. About parasites aiding in cleaning. I wonder, is that like a more intense cleaning than just using the regular...

A: Yeah, with less symptoms. I don't know, some of you may have read that I incited a tapeworm back in about 2004, right before I went to Vietnam, and I shat out two 50-foot sections. Now, a tapeworm is not one worm. Each worm is a noodle, and then they attach to each other to make the long worm, so they eat separately. So it's not one worm, and all the food going down through the whole worm. It's each little noodle section of worm, digests on its own, eats its own. So, I had had constipation terribly as a child. I, after, probably the same time I got autism, after that tetanus shot at 18 months old, I would move every five days, sometimes seven days. So when I'd move, it would be like granite, it would tear my rectum. I bled every time I had a bowel movement. And sometimes it would drip blood from the tears in my rectum. So by the time I was 21 years old, I had an inch to an inch and a half fibroid as a rectum. So it was all scar tissue. And, you know, even though I got on this diet, everything became soft. I'd have bowel movements most often every day. And everything was pretty good. I would still tear because it was scar tissue. And I would still bleed. So I thought about the African children who get the tapeworm. They're only ones that are fed aid, not aids, but aid food, which is cereals and powdered milk. And those are the worst foods you can get, feed anybody, according to Pottinger's work with cats. Found that they got 2300 diseases from eating powdered milk and those toxic cereals. And the cereals are fried in hydrogenated vegetable oils, which is plastic fat. When you hydrogenate an oil, you know, they told you safflower oil is good, stop eating butter. It was an absolute lie. Because when you hydrogenate, that's an aeration process, the heat process. And it causes the oil to turn into a liquid plastic. If you continue the hydrogenation, for hours you're going to get solidified plastic. That's how plastic is made. You take petroleum oil, usually you do that, but you can do it with any oil. So when you hydrogenate vegetable oil, trans fatty acids mean plastic oil. They say plastic fat, but oil is not fat. Only our bodies make oils into fats, into cholesterol. Those are true fats. Oils are not fats. So when you have those plastic oils in the body, they jam the body. The body cannot digest them, cannot process them at all. So I knew that all that stuff was stored in my body, my rectum and everything. So I thought about the children who have the tapeworm, and it keeps their bowels relatively clean because that tapeworm eats high sugar products. So it's actually helping those children. When you give those children antibiotics, most of them die. So they were really killing those children. Oh, let's give to the medical profession to help these children with tapeworms. All they need to do is stop feeding them that garbage food, that donated food. And everybody who donated to the company, those companies are run by the food industry because they want to sell their unsaleable food somewhere. They don't want to sell it for cost or a loss or anything like that. So they get these people who, you know, they'll drum them up, go to some religious organization, and say, we want to help you help people. We want to help you help children. Let's go help you feed those children. We'll help you provide an organization. You get donations, and we'll provide you cheap food to feed these people. We'll give you deals. And it's all a scam.

Q: So to have it in Mexico, when I was working there with a doctor in southern Mexico, babies were dying from drinking the powdered milk. Dying, dehydrated. You'd have to put them in water.

A: So that was the situation. So I decided I wanted a tapeworm. So I knew that the way I had to do it was I had to ferment some milk with some kind of root. So I chose the maca root from South Africa, I mean South America. So I went to David Wolf's website. I thought if I want to get a parasite, that's where I should go. So I got his maca root, fermented it in milk for about three weeks. So when I popped the top off, the alcohol was so bad, when I inhaled it gave me a headache. That's how bad it was. I drank. Instead of doing it intelligently, I did it impulsively. And I drank three cups of it of the quart, instead of just taking a half a cup at a time. So I had hives that would not quit. I mean huge hives. And I was getting on a plane from Vietnam the next day. So I had these cold slices of cucumber and tomato. I'd be going into the toilet and rubbing them, strip mine down, rub them over, and every hour going into the toilet.

Q: And that was a detox that started too fast.

A: Yes, detox, right.

Q: That's what hives is.

A: Hives are detox, contamination to the skin where the body has to neutralize the toxin well enough before it's put into the skin. So I'm itching and going nuts with all of this. And then two days later, I was in Hanoi, and all of a sudden I got this craving for onion. So I went in and ate half an onion, just like it was an apple. It was incredibly delicious. Then after the half of it, I just couldn't eat anymore. So within about 10 hours, I ran to the toilet, and just all that onion came out, and a tapeworm came out. So I grabbed out of the toilet, I put it there, spread it over the wooden floor in the hotel room and measured it. It was about 47 feet. They shrink very fast. If you get one of those little sections, noodle sections, it would shrink and look like a rice in 24 hours. So they shrink very rapidly. So it was about 47 feet, so I figured it was 50 feet before it shrank at all. So I had 50 feet of it. Then I thought, oh, no, I didn't want to get rid of them. My bowel movements were better. Everything was better when I had the tapeworm for those few days. And I thought, I killed them. So then about two weeks later, my bowel movements were still pretty good. I still had a little tearing. And then all of a sudden a few of the noodles were floating around in the toilet again, so I knew that it was still alive, that the colony was still alive. It isn't one worm, it's many worms. So it was after about, I guess, about three more weeks, I shat out another 50 feet, never saw them again. But at that time, I never bled again. I never bled since then. I was 56 years old at the time. Never bled once, even if I had big bowel movements, because the tissue got supple to where it would stretch without tearing. So I got rid of a lot of scar tissue. So it still, though, it wasn't soft like baby tissue. So I decided to incite another tapeworm six years later. So three weeks ago, I fermented some maca root again, this time.

Q: Hello.

A: Hello. This time I fermented it in a little bit of milk and some whey. And let it ferment for about two weeks this time. I only drank a cup and within a week I had little noodles again. And that was about, let's see, that was about 10 days ago, no, about 12 days ago. And while I was in Chicago about five days ago, I had a bowel movement where partially digested tapeworms came out. So I started actually digesting and eating the tapeworm. So that was a good sign. That means my body is actually using them as food. So recycling them in my own body. All of a sudden in the last few days, my rectum tissue is just like a baby's, soft and supple. And to test it, I ate a whole two pounds of cheese in one day to see, you know, to get a really big bowel movement. And I mean it was stopped at the toilet, literally stopped the hotel toilet. But no tearing, no bleeding, no pain. You know, when I used to have bowel movement, I get headaches from having a bowel movement because it was tear so badly because of the scar tissue there. Now it's just wonderful.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, your tapeworm is mainly in roots.

Q: Oh, it came from the maca.

A: Yeah, it came from the maca root.

Q: But how does the tapeworm [unintelligible]?

A: It eats toxic dead cells. Like I say, you asked me about parasites. That's considered a parasite. It eats off the dead tissue of my intestines, not the good.

Q: So anywhere in your body it'll eat scarring?

A: No, the tapeworm is strictly for the intestines. Now the trichinosis, the whipworm, is a digestive parasite. It's like your intestinal bacteria. It's not a parasite that lives off of your food. It eats your food so you can have your nutrients. Like our digestive bacteria, which is supposed to be 90% or more of digestion, your bacteria eats the food you've eaten. Their feces, their urine, their sweat is our food. That's the way it is. They eat piss, poop, and sweat of bacteria. That's how it works. So get rid of squeamishness. Leave your mind forever, because that's what we eat from the bacteria. Parasites just eat twice as much as bacteria in 24 hours. That means that you can get nutrients faster. That's like the trichinosis. The tapeworm lives off toxic and very weak cells that are built off of sugars. Toxic sugars. Even good sugars can cause cells to be very weak. That's why I say limit your fruit intake to one meal a day. No more than a certain amount. Don't sit there and pick out a watermelon or anything like that, because then you will create weak tissue. The tapeworm, I wanted to eat the dead cells of my body that were still scar tissue, that were manufactured from all the years that I ate cereals. Let me tell you, when I got away from home, I had three meals a day with rice krispies, sugar with my rice krispies and skim milk, because that's what I was taught to do. Terrible diet. No wonder I ended up with an ulcer and was an alcoholic and a smoker too. No wonder I got so sick so young. So anyway, I was using the tapeworm to clean the intestines. I wanted it to get into the small intestines, so I was eating a little bit more of that fermented stuff to try to lure it in, past the little sequel valve. I felt it move in. It was a little painful, but I felt it move in. So now it's working on my small intestines, which it hadn't done before. So that's why I'm quite rounded and bloated right now. What I'm hoping it will do is go in and take away the scar tissue where the vagus nerves were severed to my stomach, so I can reconnect those vagus nerves.

Q: What would that do? Would it be a parasite? Do you have to find a parasite?

A: No. I've just been talking about it. I've got a parasite, a tapeworm.

Q: So it's possible then, I'm sorry to keep on this, that they would be able to eat scar tissue and dead cells elsewhere in the body other than the intestines?

A: It has to be a parasite that lives in that tissue. A tapeworm only lives in the intestinal tract, unless you have somebody who is so sick that it breaks through, but usually will die in another environment. And all those pictures you see with the brain worms, it's all fiction. Somebody has taken an actual maggot and put it in a brain and made you believe that flies can germinate in your brain. It's just absolute nonsense. Brain parasites you can't even see, they're like malaria. Malaria, you've got a parasite that helps red blood cells get well. It's so finite you can never see it unless you've got a high-powered electronic microscope. You cannot see a malaria worm. It's inside a red blood cell and is, let's say, a maggot to you is a malaria to a red blood cell. So it's so infinitesimally small, you need a very high-powered, like 2,000-time microscope to see it, or even 6,000 times to see a young one. You might see a dolphin about 2,000 or 3,000. So, you just have to get away from this medical terrorism. They're all about scaring you into believing your body is stupid. Take a look at it. Look at what we do to our bodies with cereals and processed sugars and all these chemicals, and we're still getting up and breathing and walking and working and functioning. Not greatly, but not the way they were hundreds of years ago, but we're still functioning. So you know the body is working very hard, and the body is not stupid or else you'd be falling over dead and crippled at any time. But that's what the medical profession wants you to believe, that the body is always attacking itself, that there are things inside your body that are always attacking it. And they want you to take antibiotics. So we know now that in the last year, the results came out from certain gastroenterologists that showed we have 350 bacterial genes to every one human gene. That means you're not even 0.01% human. You are strictly bacteria, period. So when you take an antibiotic, think how stupid that is. Because with a five-day round of regime of antibiotics, you will sort 1% of all the bacteria in the body. That's 1% function. If you're on a good diet, you may reconstitute 2% a year. So let's say you do 10 days of an antibiotic, you've destroyed your whole year's ability to advance. And that's on a good diet. Nobody's out there on a good diet. So every time they take an antibiotic, they're losing 1% of their functionality. So we get hooked into that garbage. Just had a guy call me from Holland. He's actually South African. He's the one that set me up to do the tour in South Africa. He got an appendicitis. And he's got an MD friend there, and a gastroenterologist friend, and all kinds of friends in Holland that are highly educated. And they're telling him, this is appendicitis. It'll kill you. Nobody survives a bursted appendix. So you can die. Don't take your chance on this. This is the medical profession's terrorism. So they scared him enough to go and take all the tests. And sure enough, showed an abscess in the appendix. Appendix swollen and abscessed. And he called me and I said, so you can have an abscess in your tooth, you can have an appendix if you're eating the right things. The stuff I told you, the tomato mixture in the book. I'll give you some other mixtures, a lime juice mixture, with honey and vinegar, and some coconut cream and dairy cream. And you can do that, which I call my penicillin reducer, or fungal reducer, or bacterial reducer, if you're detoxing too fast. And I said, take those. So he was going through a lot of pain Friday and Saturday, and he just called me about an hour ago from Holland and said, it's all gone. All the pain's gone, I feel great, I'm back to normal. So you can't let the medical terrorism destroy your mind. Because they will. It's all about being frightened.

Q: Or the friends that are so in love with the medical, you know, monopoly, and then they're influencing you. You have to put a block up.

A: Absolutely.

Q: Believe that.

A: So you get trapped into that, you're going to be destroying your body. Because nothing they do promotes health. If you look in their manuals, which are all written by pharmaceutical houses, and the one company, Merck, Merck says this thing, the word cure does not exist. The word cure is not in that book. The word heal only is in with a lesion, or a tear, or a cut. That's the only time they will use heal. Your wound will heal. Your wound heals. They don't want you healing anywhere else. They want you sick, unhealthy, because that's how they profit. Period. So, I promote bacteria, I promote parasites. You know, look, I'm closing in on finishing my 66th year, and I was supposed to be dead 45 years ago. In December it will be 45 years when I was supposed to be dead. So, take a look at that.

Q: Is that formula written down in the book or newsletter or anywhere?

A: In one of the newsletters, yeah. It's the lime formula, which I call the penicillin reducer or bacterial reducer. It's what you take instead of an antibiotic. It will slow your detox down a bit, so you're not suffering so much, but it won't stop it, and it won't kill you like antibiotics do.

Q: What is that called again?

A: My bacterial reducer or my penicillin destroyer or my fungal destroyer. I have many names for it.

Q: Is it somewhere in one of the books?

A: It's in one of the newsletters. I developed that like the sport formula I developed after 2005. Anything after 2005 you have to find in my newsletters.

Q: Well, the sport formula has its own page. Anybody can just put sports formula in the search box.

A: Yeah, you can find that now. I think there are 1500 pages now altogether, something like that. It's like three books worth of information in the newsletters. If you subscribe, $85 is it? It's not my website, it's his website. He's just publishing my stuff that's beyond the books or after the books, post books. So anytime you want that information, $85. You get all the newsletters back to 2006.

Q: That's so worth it.

A: Oh, incredible, yeah.

Q: There's a search engine on it, so we can just look up bacterial reducer and it'll pop up the article.

A: No, it's not that yet. But you get them down, and then you put that in a file, a one file, and you run a search in your computer down that file. And you'll come up with every place it mentions that word.

Q: Well, the newsletters are individual PDFs, so they can be searched individually.

A: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. If they put them all in one file, all of the PDF files, all 30 of them, in one file, you can run a search engine on that file and it will search for that word in every one of those PDF files.

Q: Okay.

A: So it makes it very quick. That's what I do. Okay, do you have a question, Lewis?

Q: Yes. Lately I find that it doesn't take much food for me to eat in order to gain weight. I gain weight more easily, particularly around the middle. And I'm wondering about that, because if I want to eat more, I know at the drop of a hat, I'll gain. So where am I about that? You mentioned that I'm at the proper weight, so I pretty much stay there. I focus my eating as far as staying at the proper weight.

A: That's fine. It just means you're digesting your food better and utilizing it better. So you don't need to eat as much.

Q: There you go.

A: Okay. Or get fat.

Q: I suppose...

A: You still have a lot of toxins in your body. Your eyes aren't completely blue yet. The more fat you have, the quicker they'll leave. Let me give you another thing that happened. I had this one fellow... The only real problems I have with patients are patients who've been skinny a long time in their life. And I mean bird legs and bird thin all their lives. So they didn't have any fat to store poisons. They went into the cells. So all their cells are terribly contaminated. Those are my worst patients. They're always in pain, they're always suffering, they're always in fatigue. When they reach that straw in their life, it breaks their back of health. It is sometimes 10 years, 11 years, before they're at a normal plane. So it's difficult. Now I had one fellow that came with me 2 years ago that was in that shape. And he was calling me all the time, as you know, those people do. I only have 4 of them right now. Well, 2 of them are now pretty well. I still have 2 of them that call me pretty regularly. And one's been on by 3 years, and one's been on 2 years. This one fellow's been on 2 years. So he came to see me in Chicago. And he was gray. He was gray. I mean gray. Not any pink in his skin, nothing. He was gray. He was dark gray around here, almost charcoal like a raccoon.

Q: What causes that?

A: That's metal poisoning.

Q: Metal poisoning.

A: Metal poisoning. So, especially tin and mercury from injections and aluminum. So, and it's a good thing because they're trying to throw it out, and they throw it into the skin. 90% of toxins are supposed to leave through the skin. So, in those people, they have so many toxins, it's going to go layer after layer after layer because it's deep in their tissues. There's a lot of people that I've seen where the toxins aren't, not many are in the cells. They're out in the serums and outside the cell, tattooed onto the cell wall and caked onto the cell wall. So, there's not as much functionality, but there's less pain and suffering in those people. So, this fellow came in the door, and I mean, you know, it's only been 2 years, and he was pink. He was still a little gray hair, but he didn't look like a raccoon anymore. And he was smiling and happy. And this guy didn't smile any time that I've seen him in the last few years, on the phone with him, nothing happy about him. But all of a sudden, about 4 months, he stopped calling me. And I saw him 7 months ago when I was in Chicago. And I just saw him last weekend, or last week. So, I said, OK, you're not from this planet, right? Because in his intestinal tract, if you look at an iris, you've got the outer edge, you've got the pupil. Now, around the pupil, you're going to find this belt that goes around. That's the intestinal tract. His intestinal tract was completely black. You could not tell the difference between his intestinal tract and dark black spokes coming out from that. And his pupil, that's how much mercury and heavy metals he had in his intestines. He was one of those skinny, skinny individuals, absorbed all those poisons and couldn't throw them off because he had no fats to throw them off. So, here he walks out, photographs his eyes. I can see his entire digestive tract. 90% of the metal has gone. And he looks at it and I said, what planet are you from? Because this is a natural or normal. And he said, I'm from here, I'm just doing better, I'm better, I'm feeling good. And he said, I don't see the difference, but I feel the difference. I feel happy now, I feel energy. And he was big. I mean, he went from bone thin, like Jim was and a lot of other people, several other people who were here, were bone thin. Thinner than, I forgot his name. Thinner than he is. So, he was big. I mean, his waist, he probably went from, he's about 6'2". He probably went from a 31 waist to a 40 waist, maybe 42. But he was strong. He had red skin, not all grey except around the eyes. It was just like a miracle. I've seen that a few times, but the people didn't work honest with me. I said, okay, I want you to tell me what you eat. Take me through a day, how much would you eat? He said, well, okay, I'm going to be honest. I have been eating maybe ten times more cheese than you asked me to eat. I said, I gave you a minimum. I don't care if you eat a whole ten pounds a day. I just want you to eat a minimum of a little cube of cheese, a half a teaspoon every 15 minutes. He wouldn't stop eating them. He would just keep eating and eating and eating it, and going through a pound, a pound and a half a day. And I tell people that's what vacuums and absorbs the poisons out of the stomach and intestines. And in seven months, he did that. You have to understand, when I give you something, it's a minimum, not a maximum. It's a minimum. So, pig out on the cheese if you have intestinal poisoning, and you want to get rid of metal poisoning faster. Get fat for a while on cheese. Cheese will make you fat. You don't digest it. The raw cheese you won't digest. But it will allow you to utilize all of your other foods to completely build and detox and heal, and the cheese goes through and does the main detoxification. So you're able to use all those foods that I tell you to eat, and I tell everybody to eat a lot. There's a lot of butter. So, if you want to move fast through your poisons, do it. Lots of cheese.

Q: So he had one pound of cheese a day?

A: Yeah. He's 6'2".

Q: Yeah, okay. Did he have it with butter too?

A: First thing in the morning I had him eat with a little butter, and several times a day, like once an hour, he had a little bit of butter with so much cheese, just so you don't get too dry from it. Like I said, I ate a whole pound that one day that I wanted to test my rectum, with the help of the benefits of my tapeworm. And I mean, my bowel movement was bigger than my fist. And I didn't allow myself to go. I held it, and held it for two days. It wanted to come out, but I was going to force it to get really big, so I could test it. And when it came out, it was as big as my fist. Didn't tear my rectum. Was not painful. It was very dry though. It wasn't as dry as granite, like it used to be when I was a kid, but that was eating cooked foods. So, anyway, cheese is a fast way to detoxify. Do you have a question?

Q: Yeah, one actually regards to my father, actually the same as last time.

Q: Did he have what?

Q: My father right now is losing his vision. According to his doctor, he's had too many strokes in his eyes. Any of you could recommend that, and on top of this, he's got a lot of anxiety and depression now going on too, because now he's going blind. He's completely lost it in one eye, and he's probably legally blind in the other eye.

A: What does he do to help himself dietarily? Does he do any of this?

Q: Very little.

A: All he can do is put a hot water bottle at one side of his eye one night, and the other one the other night. Just allow the eye to expand, because the eye and the ears get the least circulation. And when they start collecting minerals around in that tube, that little bitty tube that goes into the eye for circulation, it's shut down. Can't clean it, can't feed it, and that means blindness.

Q: I've been doing that, and he's also paranoid about that, because the one time he's done that, essentially he's like, he lost his vision temporarily after he did the hot towels on there.

A: Not hot towels.

Q: Well, in this case, I was using hot washcloths, because of the water bottle.

A: Too hot.

Q: Too hot? Use the water bottle instead?

A: Hot water bottle, yeah. Wrapped in like a flannel, and let it heat slowly overnight.

Q: Okay.

A: Yeah. Steam towels are way too hot. And they'll cause reaction all around the eye and the tissue. Anything over, let's say, 112 degrees on the skin, that is not like water directly on it, that should go up to no more than 110. 112 is going to start creating damage. Now, you can take a hot water bottle up to 140 some degrees, and you wrap it, and when it gets through, it's only going to heat your skin up to about 110 degrees, and that's fine. But you've got to wrap a really hot water bottle, so it will allow the heat to dissipate slowly. You could also keep the water bottle hot five to even seven, seven and a half hours at night. If you just leave a hot water bottle exposed without being wrapped under the covers, it will be cool in about four and a half, five hours.

Q: Oh, nice.

Q: Would bone marrow be of any use in that circumstance?

A: He can't get it into the, he could, you know, if his eye doesn't clean, he can put egg white and butter on his eye, and if it gets absorbed, he's not going to get rid of the waste products, because it's clogged. He has to open it first, it has to get clear. He can eat vinegar.

Q: Can you tell people in your family, if someone could give me the solution, I can get that guy across the street to change his diet.

A: With your parents, yeah.

Q: My family, if someone could give me a solution to that, please pull me aside and tell me how you talk to people that are family. Because that's what I need more than anything. Because I can cure, I got this stuff down, I've had it down for years, but getting family members to see the light.

A: Yeah, my mother was dying when she was 62, and that was the only time she really tried what I said. What she did, my father did the raw butter, the raw cheese, the cold pressed olive oil, raw eggs, they mixed the raw eggs and the olive oil and orange juice together, and they'd have it that way, and they did very well. And my father was starting to have trouble in his mid-60s, when she was having trouble in her early 60s, and my mother was getting a surgery like every year. Something was going wrong. And they went on that diet, they got really well, and then when they hit in their early 80s, and I mean early, my mother was 79, my father was 82, they decided they lived long enough and they stopped doing any of the diet. Can you imagine that? They still lived to 92 and 93.

Q: It's already been done.

Q: Is that all they did or changed?

A: Yeah, that's all they changed. They ate the raw meat, not even raw fish. They wouldn't do that. But they ate a lot of raw foods, the raw eggs, the butter, the cheese. There was a lot that they did. And it really worked for them. They were out there. My mother in 62, she couldn't even play. They loved golf and they were living on Jekyll Island, Georgia. And that's a golf island. And one golf course has 36 holes. That's just one golf course, and another one has 18, another one has 24. So it's a golf course island and they loved to golf. My mother was only golfing once a week. Within six months doing that diet, she was golfing four days a week.

Q: He's in his 90s right now. He's 90 right now.

A: Oh, then forget it.

Q: They've never eaten horribly. It's just too much sugar, too much things.

A: It's probably the trans fatty acids, cereals, chips of any kind, french fries.

Q: No, no, no, they don't eat that. It's not that bad. My mom is a traditional German wife. She's made a lot. It's not horrible, but it's not this.

A: No, it's not this.

Q: They do a great on the cholesterol there. The problem is these doctors say things like you've got to watch your cholesterol, and they get people to believe them. I get my mom afraid to eat liver, and she'd rather have a plate of pasta instead.

A: Hello?

Q: She loves liver. She's looking at me going, oh, I'd love to have it. But my doctor says I can't have it.

A: Get her the book called The Cholesterol Myth.

Q: I have it. It's a whole other thing making them read it.

A: Make them. I made my mother read a book once. My book.

Q: How did you do it?

A: What I did, I went and sat with her. I made a trip back there, and I sat with her, and she had to read a half an hour a day until she got through it. But then she got by the 20th page, she was locked, and then I couldn't stop her from reading. But of course then the remedy section came, and I had to sit with her 30 minutes a day to get through that. She looked at me and she says, boy, you had a miserable childhood, didn't you? She said, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I was just too busy. Your father didn't help with raising you at all, and I had to work as a nurse and take care of four crazy boys that hated each other. We all hated each other. It's like she couldn't understand it because she came from, she had 12 siblings. They all got along wonderfully. They had little fights once in a while, but they loved each other. We were having family reunions as long as they were alive. Almost all of them are dead. They were all wonderful together. Okay, do you have a question?

Q: Yeah. I'm, six years I've had diabetes, but I'm not a type 2 diabetic.

A: Six years you've had what?

Q: Diabetes.

A: Diabetes. You're a type 2?

Q: I'm not. I'm a type 1.

A: Type 1.

Q: And I was consistently for 12, 15 years before that, I weighed 248 pounds, rock solid. 19 and 3 quarter neck, 56 chest, 30 waist. Big guy. I did squats with a [unintelligible] daily for exercise. And it took the medical profession quite a long time, and it was my seventh endocrinologist that finally figured out that I was type 1, know that I was a type 1 diabetic. Before that, they were treating me as a type 2 and not getting me controlled or whatever. Unfortunately, I lost a third of my body weight in that period of time. And of that, they figure it was 78 pounds, they figure about 68 of that was muscle. And I was so weak that if I got down on the floor, it would take two people to lift me up and get me up. I couldn't get up myself.

A: That's diabetes?

Q: Yeah. And they couldn't seem to rectify that. And finally...

A: Well, that's type 1.

Q: Yeah. Finally, this one doctor has gotten me somewhat under control. But my problem, I still am trying to build my muscle back, but it's very, very difficult for me to do so. And I met John...

A: How long have you been taking insulin?

Q: About two years now.

A: That's nothing. I've had type 1 diabetics who have taken medication for up to 42 years.

Q: Yeah.

A: Down to three units a day just because they want to make sure they don't have a problem. They don't really need to take it. So, you know, it's dietary. All you have to do is get your liver, feed your liver right, and it will work. I mean, your pancreas right, and it will work.

Q: Okay.

A: And you've only been at it two and a half years. You haven't had enough deterioration to have a real problem. But you can gain that tissue back very fast. Now, usually what I suggest is that you eat a pound of meat twice daily with a whole lubrication formula with each one. So you've got two pounds of meat, one pound at a time, and the entire lubrication formula. It means a lot of fat with that meat.

Q: Okay.

A: When I want to gain weight fast, that's what I do. I'll eat a half a pound of meat. You're a bigger guy, you want to put on a lot more weight. I'll eat a half a pound with three, four tablespoons of butter.

Q: Okay.

A: And then maybe one or twos with the meat meal. And then I eat the other one to two right after I finish the meat.

Q: Okay.

A: And you will gain weight fast. Everybody know Larry Lucky?

Q: Yeah.

A: He was as skinny as this man right here for his whole life, and all of a sudden he went on the diet, and I told him to eat that way. Eat the whole diet, but just make sure you have a pound of meat twice daily with the whole lubrication formula. And he went to work out because he always wanted to be big his whole life, and every time he'd work out he'd get sick and break down and couldn't work out. bSo he got on this diet and said, do you think I can body build this? About a year and a half after he was on the diet. I said, sure. So I gave him that formula and he did it. And in five months he had gained four inches on his biceps and six inches on his chest.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: And he just stopped working out, and he only worked out for a year. And he hasn't worked out for six years, and he maintains it just by eating the diet.

Q: Okay.

A: So it's possible, you just have to force yourself to eat, and you don't wait to get hungry.

Q: Okay.

Q: The Honey Nut Lube Formula.

A: And just remember, you always don't go on blood sugar to administer your insulin. You go on insulin when you feel you can't breathe and you can't stand. That's when you need it. That's the only time you need it. Do not go on blood sugar. Blood sugar will always lie. It's lying because the pharmaceutical industry has geared that test because they know that a diabetic is going to have up and down all the time during high levels at times. And they talk you into, by doing that, shooting up with insulin every day when you don't need it every day.

Q: I was using between 105 and 125 units a day.

A: Wow, that's a lot.

Q: And since John's got me on veggie juice, and so I basically do that and meats, and I'm doing a lot of raw liver now.

A: There you go.

Q: It's dropped my insulin usage down to about 20 units a day.

A: Great, great. You'll be able to cut it out. Let's say you do this diet and gain the weight, get the fat on and keep up the diet.

Q: I need to start trying to push the workout.

A: Yeah, absolutely. Push your food, push your work. On this diet, it's not going to turn the fat that way.

Q: Oh, okay.

A: It won't do the same.

Q: Oh, it won't. Okay. So that's not really so much of a concern.

A: No, you just do a medium workout, and you're going to build quickly. You have to push hard.

Q: Okay.

Q: The honey in the lube formula isn't going to hurt him.

A: Pardon?

Q: The honey in the lube formula won't hurt him.

A: No, remember in the book I said, I suggest diabetics have a half a cup of honey a day, because when the insulin collects, when the bee collects the nectar from the flower, it's high carbohydrate. They produce, they swallow it. They produce an insulin-like substance which converts that sugar into enzymes for digesting proteins and fats. You're not on sugar anymore unless you pasteurize it or heat the honey. Then, you know, you destroy all of that hormone-like substance, and then you've got sugar, pure carbohydrate. So if a person isn't manufacturing their own insulin, they get to use the bee's insulin. It's in the honey.

Q: So half a cup a day I should be taking?

A: Yeah. Not all at once, just spread it all throughout the day.

Q: Okay. And it has to be raw honey then?

A: Unheated honey.

Q: Okay.

A: Cold-packed honey.

Q: Okay.

Q: How do you make sure you are getting unheated honey? I mean, how do you test it for being unheated?

A: Well... I have a product list for those that truly make it raw, unheated. Did you get my product list?

Q: Oh yeah, I got that.

A: Okay, just look on those brand out there.

Q: Really raw and YNS.

A: YNS, yeah.

Q: They have both those Nose and Whole Foods.

A: Yeah. Yeah, a lot of places, they're all over the place. Always get it in a honeycomb.

Q: I have a, I don't, it's a...

A: Honeycomb, actually it's still in the comb, you eat the wax with the honey. You absolutely don't.

Q: Oh, okay.

A: Unheated.

Q: Honey Pacifica, how about that?

A: Honey Pacifica is good.

Q: Well, I've got to say, Ron... If it's the cold-packed version.

A: It's the cold-packed. They say cold-packed on theirs.

Q: I went to the Hollywood Farmer's Market one day. It was a summer day, they had the truck in there and the table in there with all the honey saying unheated. It was a hot day. The honey was out there and the truck didn't have a conditioning. It was close to 100 degrees out there.

A: Yeah, but that's a natural heat. That wouldn't hurt it.

Q: It's 95, that's not a hot temperature.

A: Yeah, no, I say, no, the honey needs to be down around 92. 92 or so.

Q: It's more than 92.

A: Yeah, but inside the honey it didn't get that hot. Honey has a way to keep itself from getting that hot. If it were that hot, you could feel it, but you touch that honey, it won't be that hot. May be hot outside that way, but the honey won't get that hot. Unless you expose it day and night for several days, then it will get that hot. Or you expose it to very high temperatures for a short time and it will destroy it. Okay. All right. Behind you.

Q: So...

Q: Who?

Q: Joseph.

A: Joseph. No question?

Q: No.

A: Okay. Do you have a question? You.

Q: Yeah. I just want to know your opinion about alcohol. Maybe...

A: Okay. There are many kinds of alcohol. There's ethyl alcohol that you massage with. Very dangerous alcohol. It's made from petroleum, gasoline, and it will eat into your skin. A massage therapist put that on her hands and was coming at me, and I said, No, you don't. That is a poison. Would you drink it? No, you don't drink this. I said, Your cells are drinking it. And I don't want that on my skin. So I had to get her some coconut oil to take it off of her hands before she was going to massage me. So, ethyl alcohol is a dangerous alcohol. It's a distilled alcohol that comes from gasoline. When you have an alcohol that's, say, like a hard liquor, it's distilled. It's like gasoline or kerosene. It will penetrate a cell. The cell has no choice. It's going to penetrate it. Just like if you put gasoline or kerosene on your arm, it would eat right into your arm the same way. Any kind of distilled alcohol is penetrating, and the cell has no choice. It's going to damage cells. Wine is the only one that they do not, mostly they do not pasteurize. Let's say if the crop of grapes got a fungus on it, then they would pasteurize that wine. It would be an inferior wine, cheap wine. You wouldn't even like the taste of it, probably. Only cheap winos drink that. But a wine that is not distilled, that's raw, like they make from wine, it's still going to do some damage to your nervous system, your nerve cells and your neurons in your brain, and your liver. Because your liver, believe it or not, doesn't have much fat. The liver and the heart are almost all protein. You have little fat deposits around the liver, but not very much. Around the heart, you have a pocket of fat on the top of it, as a reserve to protect it from anything like alcohol. Your brain, of course, shuts down when you have alcohol, even raw alcohol. Because it shuts off your discerning centers, because it doesn't want to damage those. You'll lose your controls. So that's why people get uninhibited, because it shuts off those control centers. And uninhibited is fine if you're anal retentive, but of course, we're all anal retentive because we're trained to be that way. But we're also overly cautious in the wrong way. So, I say, like I said in my book, two ounces, four ounces, as long as you've eaten a lot of butter and cheese like the French used to do. The French would always have appetizers with little cakes or crackers or something like that, and then put butter on that or a cheese butter sauce on top of that. And then they would have their wine during the meal. So they had all of this cheese and fat there to bind with that alcohol, so it didn't do nerve damage and didn't damage the pancreas, the liver, and heart and brain. So, alcohol is not a good thing. You can eat some without having too much damage if you're eating the butter and cheese before you drink it. You have to be very careful.

Q: How long before you drink it?

A: Should be at least 15 minutes.

Q: 15 minutes before you eat and drink?

A: No, before you drink alcohol. If you go in to drink wine. Now, we used to have a raw beer. Most beers in the world are raw, except in this country. They all have to be pasteurized as of 1987. Coors was the only one out of Colorado at the time, was the only one that was raw. And then the FDA said in 1986, you've got to stop in 1987, you've got to pasteurize your beer. Coors went downhill after that. And then Miller's bought Coors. There is no raw beer. There's no raw beer allowed in this country.

Q: Why is that?

A: Because the FDA says it's not good.

Q: Because it would be fermented?

A: It would be, you would have fermentation bacteria in it, live and active, which is a good thing. But they don't want you to have a good thing.

Q: But the high class European beers have to be heated?

A: They have to be heated to be brought into this country.

Q: Oh, and if you go to Europe?

A: Oh, yeah, there's a lot of them. You have to check now because the World Health Organization is really an arm of the American Medical Association and the pharmaceutical industry. So they are talking the countries into beginning to pasteurize this and that and everything. So you have to be careful. You have to find out. Most of your German beers, they say, screw you, we're not going to pasteurize our beers.

Q: What about Heineken?

A: Pardon?

Q: Heineken.

A: Heineken? It's pasteurized?

Q: In this country.

A: In this country, yeah.  To be brought into this country, you get Heineken in Germany, it's raw.

Q: It's raw beer.

A: Not really raw, but it's...

Q: It's from Holland.

A: Yeah, Holland. Well, Holland, I don't know how Holland is. I haven't studied Holland. For that. Holland was the only one that wouldn't let me take my milk on board. I got a doctor's letter saying I had bone cancer, but I have to take, you know, half gallon of milk on with me and all these other foods. And in Holland, they said, take out all this other food on there, but you can't take the milk. So I had to down a quart and a half of milk.

Q: [laughter]

A: Right there in front of them. I didn't allow myself to pee, so I keep recycling the nutrients. Because I had to fly from Holland to England. The flight that I was supposed to get from Finland to England was canceled while I got to the airport. So I had to go to France, Air France, take a flight to Holland and then Holland to UK, because I had a workshop to do the next day in Antigua, you know, in the Bahama Islands in the Antilles. So I had to get there by a certain hour. So I was hopping planes all over. Holland wouldn't let me on. So I had no milk in England. So I'm holding my pee. I refuse to pee. I'm just recycling my pee inside. I didn't pee until I got milk in Antigua.

Q: So if you don't pee, you'll recycle it?

A: You'll recycle your...

Q: I'm just like, do I drink it?

A: You can drink it, but it doesn't taste that good. It leaves an odd smell in your mouth.

Q: Yeah, but why drink it when you can just recycle it?

A: Yeah, just recycle it right there.

Q: Doesn't urine contain a lot of toxins?

A: No. Just remember, as I've said a thousand million times, your urinary tract and bowels are not a waste center. Your skin is your waste center. The urine is nothing other than the blood with ammonia and without the red and white blood cells. If you urinated all the time, your red and white blood cells, you'd be anemic and in miserable shape. So the kidney manufactures ammonia. And ammonia reacts to blood, red and white blood cells, like two south ends of a magnet. So the red and white blood cells don't move into the kidney because of the ammonia. So everything that's in the urine is what's in your blood, feeding your blood cells, feeding the red and white blood cells. So your blood should be pure, not toxic.

Q: And what about feces? Does that contain toxins?

A: Feces is not supposed to be a toxin either.

Q: So like if you eat cheese and it absorbs toxins... Then that will be toxic.

Q: Where does it go?

A: It will go out to feces.

Q: Okay.

A: Yeah, that will, but you're forcing it to be a detoxifier. And I will use that as a detoxifier. But normally, when you have feces, it's only not completely digested food. You look at a cow, a horse or anybody, they've only digested 67% of their grasses. Insects will get in there, dogs will eat up the rest, and even humans will eat feces from cows in certain countries because they don't have enough protein. So when it's gone through the digestive tract of a cow or a horse or goat or sheep, it's 67% digested. Then all of a sudden you can act as a vegetarian. But you're eating a shit vegetarian diet. Literally. You can, people in Georgia, Russia, you know, lived on the poor people who were, you know, basically field workers ate buffalo shit and thrived on it because it was predigested. The cellulose was broken down so that they could start digesting the fats and the proteins from it. And when you have a bowel movement, you see dogs eating, you know, human shit, and all these animals will eat insects, all kinds of creatures will eat feces. In the ocean, crustaceans eat feces. That's what they're built to eat. That's what they intend to eat and it makes them healthy. But remember, feces is just supposed to be food that's not completely digested. It's not supposed to be toxic. Your toxins are supposed to leave through the skin after they're reduced to a liquid substance by the lymphatic system. But like I said, with all the trans fatty acid, all the plastic fat, everybody's lymph systems are just jammed. So they can't get rid of those toxins through the skin until they get into a hot tub that's 105 to 110 degrees for 90 minutes a day.

Q: So if you sweat a lot, that's good?

A: Pardon?

Q: If you sweat a lot, naturally, that's good?

A: No. Yes, it's good, but you're not going to get rid of those trans fatty acids. You have to get the body up to 105 to 110 degrees to do that, to melt that stuff out of there. This is like people say, well, a rebounder is good for the lymphatic system. I said, if you took a cold stick of butter and a cold glass and you jump for a half an hour, do you think that butter is going to melt? No, it's not going to melt. You can bounce on that forever as long as that is cold and solid. You can be out there in 50 degrees, 60 degree weather, and you can bounce for five days in a row. And that butter is not going to melt. The trans fatty acid, the plastic oils in your body, will not get into the fluid system to move through those pores until it reaches 105 to 108 degrees.

Q: So the heat actually makes the oils less viscous, so they can...

A: They can move through the pore.

Q: So the lymph can move through the pore.

A: No, not the lymph. The lymph reduces it to a substance to be able to put it through the pore if it's the right temperature. It's up to your body to heat up.

Q: It's gelled up.

A: Fevers are good. Fevers are wonderful to relieve stuff. But the hot tub is the best. Now when I had my hot tub, I would sleep in there. I would just go to sleep in there. I would sleep four or six hours in my hot tub every night. I made my sleep time in the hot tub.

Q: When you were so sick?

A: Well, not even just sick. I mean, up until I moved from that Malibu house two and a half years ago, when the city kicked me out, I was sleeping.

Q: Wow.

A: I'd have my milk and my sport formula in there and sip on it. I'd wake up after 40 minutes or 30 minutes, drink some, go right back to sleep. Sometimes I even slept a straight two hours.

Q: Did you have chlorine and fluoride in the water?

A: I had well water. But as I said inwe want to live. I talk about the baths in there under health modalities. I tell you to put vinegar and raw unpasteurized apple cider vinegar, milk, sea salt, and coconut cream if you want in the water to neutralize the poison seven minutes before you get into the water.

Q: And then when you're heating the water back up, you drain the tub first, and then you put the hot water in.

A: You drain two inches.

Q: Two inches, right. Right, no, not completely. Two inches, and then you add more water. And you keep doing that. Do you add more sea salt and vinegar?

A: I found that you didn't have to.

Q: Yeah, it just kind of spreads or whatever.

A: Because the two inches that you're adding back and dispersing it as you're, you're just putting scalding water in, you're moving the hot water like this, it doesn't, you know, it's already absorbing those toxins, the milk that's already in there. I mean, you can put a lot. Like when I was in Cincinnati, I got there on Thursday night, and I hadn't had a bath in two weeks. And I thought I'd better take a bath, you know. And the water is slippery, so full of fluoride. I mean, it's like oil, it's oil-based. So I put a whole quart of old milk in the bathtub. For getting in the bathtub for me, for that time. That much fluoride is going to take more nutrients. That's a lot of fluoride when it's slippery like that. Oily almost. Really bad. Okay, who else is back there? Has a question? Yes, back there first. You first.

Q: Do you have any suggestions for osteoporosis?

A: Also, I won't repeat it. She asked me about osteoporosis. Osteoporosis is a thinning of the bone. You lose minerals, mainly calcium, phosphorus, potassium and magnesium. The alkalinizing parts of the bone, which constitutes about two-thirds of the bone. So your body starts using that in other areas because you're not eating the proper foods to get enough of those alkalinizing minerals. So your body starts leaching from its own bone. That's osteoporosis. To relieve that, you eat three times a day. I've taken people who've been as much as 32% bone loss. Women mainly. 32% bone loss, which is considered severe. That's when you start cracking everything. You have a fall and you'll break your hip bone. What I have them do is have two tablespoons of cheese, three times daily, with one and a half to two teaspoons of honey.

Q: Can you repeat that?

A: It's two tablespoons of raw, no salt cheese, with one and a half to two teaspoons of honey. And the honey and the cheese have to go down the throat together. You can mash them or you can put the honey and cheese in your mouth at the same time. Now when you eat anything dehydrated, there are no bioactive enzymes. Food will not digest properly without leaching nutrients from some other area of your body. However, honey is mainly enzymes for digestion. So when you eat the honey with the cheese, you provide yourself with the nutrients to digest the cheese. Because it is so concentrated, it's like taking this much milk and reducing it to this in concentration of minerals. When you eat it with the honey, mainly it's the minerals, it's a mineral supplement. It would be like taking a bottle of rock minerals that you will never digest anyway, because we don't digest rock minerals. But in cheese form, those minerals are already in food form. We just add the bioactive enzymes of honey back to it and then we have a digestible food which can replace the bone very quickly. Now the one person I was talking about, the lady that had 32% bone loss, she reversed it in 20 months.

Q: Would you also add butter to the honey?

A: You don't have to, you can. If the person is very thin and fat deficient, I would say have butter with it.

Q: Thank you.

A: You're welcome. OK, yours now?

Q: I have a scar. It grew on my chest when I was about 15 years old. It's grown larger and larger, very, very gradually.

Q: Chelating?

Q: Yeah.

Q: Chemoiding?

Q: It's incredibly sensitive. I know that there's veins in it. I did take Accutane around the time that this showed up. I've done every kind of cleanse I know how to do and I've tried a lot of things to take this down because it is very sensitive.

A: Basically it's a cancerous tumor.

Q: Yeah.

A: You put pineapple, take a little piece of pineapple over there, rub it on only once a day. Next day you put raw apple cider vinegar on it. Next day pineapple, next day apple cider vinegar and let it eat away at it a little at a time. What your body is doing is putting dead cells there that you're not dissolving inside the body. It's just a building there. Better on the skin than in your lungs or in your lymphatic system or any of the liver, glands or any of those. Better right there. I've had a lot of people who've had their cancers right here.

Q: What about mixing apple cider vinegar with clay?

A: Not a good idea. Because the clay is going to rip the fats out of it and the fats need to react with the apple cider vinegar. You're going to damage the tissue. So just pineapple, apple cider vinegar rotated?

Q: Is there a brand of vinegar you recommend?

A: Solana Gold. Solana Gold, S-O-L-A-N-A, is the only one that's aged in wood and stored in wood.

Q: What about Braggs? You don't want to use them anymore?

A: I've never said Braggs. I've been with Solana Gold for ten years.

Q: So Braggs...

A: Braggs ferments theirs in wood but ages theirs in wood but stores it in stainless steel.

Q: Oh no, I've been using it.

A: Braggs used to, due to the way Solana Gold is, but they sold Solana Gold their extra wooden barrels.

Q: Oh, I've been using it, it was doing harm to you?

A: When Bragg died, his daughter took it over and changed it over.

Q: I know, but I've been using it for the last so many years.

A: Well, still it's better than Hanes or any of the others, but Solana Gold is the best.

Q: For what it's worth, they don't store it anymore in oak. They do ferment it, but I talked to Solana Gold because I'm going to start giving it in our food buying club and she says we store it in stainless steel now.

A: They did? When did they start doing that?

Q: She didn't announce as to when the date was they changed, but she said we just don't have enough capacity to store it in wood that long because we can't sell it immediately after it's fermented.

A: Okay, so there's no difference between Bragg and Solana Gold now.

Q: I have to say, when you look at Bragg's vinegar compared to Solana Gold, there's a big difference in the color and the mother on the bottom. I mean, Solana looks so much more concentrated and filled with so much more nutrients.

A: Well, Bragg claims that they don't filter it, but I've seen them filter it.

Q: I think they do. I've been buying it until now. It's a weaker vinegar.

A: Well, it doesn't have much mother in it. It doesn't have much pectin in it.

Q: It doesn't have much of a mother.

Q: There's another brand out there, too, that Erewhon sells. It's another vinegar. It also said raw unfiltered. I forgot to tell you that.

A: Is it clear or is it really foggy like Solana Gold?

Q: I'll have to look at it again.

A: If it's really foggy, it's better.

Q: Okay.

A: Yes, Jim.

Q: I just wanted to ask this gentleman over here if he could take pictures every day. Would you mind taking a picture? When you start on this thing? What did you say, every day or so? Is it going to be noticeably changed?

A: Well, it takes time.

Q: So what, like once a week?

A: Let's say he takes a picture once every two weeks.

Q: Okay. I appreciate that. People need to know about this.

Q: Of course.

A: And if it gets really sore and starts seeping or bleeding, you have to cut out the pineapple and just put the vinegar on it.

Q: Does it help to eat those internally as well?

A: Yeah, definitely. But usually in the skin, it has to be on the surface.

Q: Okay.

A: And that's assuming that he's on a regular raw diet, you know, all year round, right?

A: Yeah. Do you have a question?

Q: Yes. I have three children, 14 years old, 12 and 9. By the time I realized vaccines and injections are bad for you, my first son had gone pretty much to the full course of all those injections, except the Tdap.

A: So he had vaccines all the way up to 15 years old?

Q: No, up to he's 14, up to 12 years old, 11, 12, 11.

A: So he had almost all of them.

Q: Actually, 10, I'd say.

A: So he didn't have all of them because...

Q: Not all of them. Tdap, for example, is required for the middle school. I didn't let him have that. Yeah. But the other two children had less of those vaccinations. They still had some, but less. And my older son, physically he's very good, everything looks good and perfect. He's doing very well in the school, very, very well. But he's very nervous, in constant need of attention, very insecure. He needs to hear that we love him all the time and that what he's doing is not wrong and do all these things. He's having trouble making friends.

A: Is he thin?

Q: He's, no, he's not thin. He's perfectly built.

A: What kind of fat is he eating?

Q: I'm sorry?

A: What kind of fat is he eating?

Q: Well, I try to feed them raw butter as much as I can. I try to feed them at least one glass of milk every morning. He eats a lot of other junk, of course.

A: How about milkshakes? Can he get to eat milkshakes?

Q: I do them, yeah, as often as I can. But he still goes through a lot of junk at the school.

A: Well, the only way you can counter that is to give him a lot of cheese to counter those poisons and he needs to exercise.

Q: He does, because he goes to soccer practices three times a week.

A: He may have, let's say he has 11 activity rings in his eyes. That means he produces hormones for physical activity for 11 to 12 hours daily. I had one couple bring me their, 13 12 at the time, and I ask the people not to tell me their problem. I want to tell them what I see. So I don't want to be, you know, have my mind working at what they've already told me, because my mind will do that. My mind will work as much information as it can get. And I just want to go off of what I see in the irises. So this couple brought the daughter, I shot her eyes, then she went to the back in a chair, and the parents sat right next to me and we went over the irises. And I always read the activity lines last. Now, the most activity lines I'd ever seen before and my professional athletes are 11. This girl had 14. And I said, you cannot put this girl in a regular school. She has 14 activity rings. She will never be able to focus or concentrate. They're going to label her as ADHD, ADD, and you're going to have a hell of a problem with her. She needs to exercise 10 to 15 minutes every hour for her mind to be open and clear. And they said, that's why we brought her here. They said, that's what it is. And I looked back at the poor girl and I was going to ask for her idea about that, whether she confirms that, and she's going like this.

Q: Wow.

A: That's how much energy that poor girl has. And I said, you need to put her in a sports school, a dance school or something. You can't put her in a regular school. They'll just medicate her to death and you'll have a vegetable on your hands. So, there are sports schools out there, dance schools, there are all kinds of schools. So, they put her in a school for that. So, fine now. But they had trouble with her for six years in school all that time. And all they needed to be told was this child needs to exercise every hour. I had a friend of mine who was a teacher from New Zealand who was a special ed teacher. And she got a job in Beverly Hills at a Catholic high school there and she wasn't even Catholic. So, I thought, hmm, something's really wrong there. Catholics don't hire non-Catholics to teach their children unless there's something terribly wrong. So, she came home, called me and she was crying and crying and crying. I said, what's going on? She said, they gave me all of the worst kids in the world in the whole school, all different grades and ages, all in this one room. And I have to deal with all of them. And she says, I couldn't control them for even one minute. I said, it's very easy. Take them for five minutes, let them go wild in the room, scream, yeah, run, right. And tell the next classroom that that's going to happen for five minutes every hour. Five minutes and they have to get through it. Maybe they could do something in their classroom like it. So, these kids would make messes and everything. They spent five minutes cleaning it up. And then I told her to have them sit down and sing the word, ohm, nine times. And that puts their brain into an alpha state. Those kids were fine every day. She did that every hour, every day during school. And that's all it took. Those kids got top grades. They were better than other kids because now the hormones for physical activity were utilized. And they weren't clouding the mind. And usually when the body is that active, the mind is that active too. So, you got a lot of geniuses there. But she was just unable to function because of those physiological hormones. So, it was that easy. They fired her six months later because they found out that she was saying the word, ohm. Having the kids sing the word ohm and that was the devil's work. Can you imagine that? And then the kids went right back within a few months the same way. I don't get it. Superstition of the rationale.

Q: As far as the diet is concerned, what was...

A: You need to get as much milkshakes in them to calm them down as possible, cheese, exercise. And a little bit of exercise may not be enough for him. He may need a tremendous amount of exercise. I couldn't know unless I saw his eyes, how much we were dealing with. There was his physical body.

Q: His problem is feeling security. He's not feeling security. They always think that there is something wrong with him.

A: If the body has hormones, it needs to utilize. And it's not doing it, the whole body becomes uneasy. If he has depression, that's something else. That's low bacteria in the colon. Do you have a question?

Q: Yeah, I was going to go back to bacteria, parasites, and moles. Is there any of that we should fear at all?

A: Any that are made by the universities, pharmaceutical industry, used by the military. The E. Boli, the AIDS, the anthrax. Those are biological weapons. AIDS was made in 1961-62 at UCLA. Discovered by Dr. Robert Stricker. It's all documented in a book called Bio-Attack Alert. And then Leonard Horowitz documented how the E. boli was made and how manufactured AIDS was put in the smallpox vaccine in Africa. Given to 125 million vaccines, 97 million people were poisoned and got the AIDS. About 27 million didn't react to it the same way that 97 million did. If it's foreign made... If it doesn't come from your food, it isn't part of your body, or the earth and dirt, it's not safe. It can be dangerous. And you can only get that if you're injected. Don't let a needle get near you. You never know what's in it. Do you have a question?

Q: I do. I've been experiencing [unintelligible] cells, and I know why I discovered that. Unfortunately, I had a problem. I figured out what that was, but now I'm just needing to heal my brain and to build up my brain and to reduce any kind of inflammation and or cyst or tumor that could be in my brain. So what are the best foods?

A: Dizziness doesn't [unintelligible].

Q: It doesn't?

A: No, unless you're on drugs. You high?

Q: Because I was working on my computer, and this DSL system, this black thing, it was positioned in the back of my head. And I'd been radiating and heating up the back of my head for nine months or something like that. It was progressively getting worse. I had to get a new cell phone. My old cell phone was really dying. All the new cell phones are very high EMF. I used this one new cell phone, that Samsung Galaxy 3, and making my hand hurt and the pain going up my arm. And I'm trying to do a text on it, and I can feel it going, in my head, so, you know, not using that phone anymore, but just whatever I can do to heal my brain and to reduce any kind of inflammation.

A: Well, the brain mainly uses cream.

Q: Cream, okay.

A: So you've got to have little amounts of cream frequently.

Q: My body likes cream, too.

A: And that'll mean you're going to swell some, but you have to deal with it.

Q: Oh, that's fine. My body likes cream, really likes cream. I mean, I used to love the raw ice cream.

A: I drank two cups, I think, day before yesterday, two cups yesterday.

Q: It's like, it makes you happy.

A: Literally, honey, I would take honey, the honeycomb, and eat, you know, I was just going around with this honeycomb. Then yesterday I did it with blueberries, you know, blueberries and cream. Chew with the blueberries and cream. If I just drink the cream, I'll get heavy. You know, I need some of that, those enzymes to help digest that much cream. I normally recommend that nobody drink more than half a cup of cream at a time, you know, unless you've got serious help in digesting it.

Q: So like raw egg smoothies with some cream and...

A: No, it's usually when you want to do that, honey and cream is better for your brain.

Q: Oh, yeah?

A: Honey and cream.

Q: You blend it?

A: No, no, no, you just put a little bit of honey in your mouth and put the cream in there. Let's say a tablespoon, just a, you know, maybe an eighth of a teaspoon of honey in there, or a half a teaspoon, I mean a quarter of a teaspoon of honey in your mouth with a tablespoon of cream at a time, and just mix it all together and swallow it. Do like a half a cup a day like that for about ten days, and you can cut down on it. If you really think you have an abscess in your brain because the electromagnetic field got disrupted and damaged your tissue, then you need the detoxification, the bacterial lowering formula, which is like three ounces of lime juice, two ounces of honey, two teaspoons of lemon juice, three tablespoons of coconut cream, three tablespoons of dairy cream, a teaspoon of vinegar, raw apple cider vinegar.

Q: And that's what again?

A: That's for reducing bacterial, parasitical, fungal detoxification.

Q: Would that help like her dizziness?

A: Well, dizziness is most often you've got one ear feeling and not the other. One ear is getting too much water.

Q: I mean I can even be in my bed and I don't want that kind of response.

A: That's too much water in one ear. So the water in the ear you hear the ocean or humming or buzzing or ringing, that's where you need to put that water bottle, that ear, so you can perspire, get some of that water out of that ear. But it will keep feeling it, it's filling it, it's detoxifying, so you may have to do that every other day. If the other ear starts ringing, then you need to put it on that for that night, and the next night the other ear.

Q: I need the hot water bottles too. I love the hot water bottles. It's so amazing. It's a great, excellent tool. It's amazing. Thank you.

A: Okay, Roger, do you have a question?

Q: Yes, I perspire very little. Is this a problem and what should I do about it?

A: You need to eat more and gain 30, 40 pounds. So you can afford to hold more fluid to perspire. Right now you don't have much fluid.

Q: I drink a lot during the day.

A: You drink a lot of what? If you drink water, that's not going to help you.

Q: Well, I drink mineral water.

A: That's not going to help you.

Q: And ice and tea.

A: That doesn't help you.

Q: A little coffee, not much.

A: Doesn't help you. You need milk.

Q: I do. I drink about almost a quart a day.

A: Well, drink two quarts and stop drinking the other stuff. Drink vegetable juice instead of tea.

Q: Well, I drink a cup of vegetable juices.

A: Okay. You're a tall guy. You can drink three quarts. I drink two quarts of milk a day, minimum.

Q: That's kefor...

A: No, not all the time. It's always room temperature or warmer. Most often it's on its way to kefir. But I travel so much that I can't keep it in the kefir form. It's never cold. Well, I never take more than two ounces of cold milk at a time. I don't take it cold. And that's if I've forgotten to take it out and I thought I did. And I go out and have my, you know, like two ounces of milk and I drink that over about two minutes. You know, maybe two ounces a minute. So I have four ounces at a time. And then I leave the milk out. What I usually do is I'll put it in a bowl of hot water to warm it quickly so I don't have to wait so long because I like to sip milk all day long.

Q: Is it for everything? Does it have to be at room temperature?

A: Everything but vegetable juice. I take my meat out the night before that I'm going to eat in the morning. The meat that I'm going to use during the day. And the next morning, actually, what I do is I take my meat on Sunday. I get the big, you know, cuts, the roasts, only not roasted. And I'll cut those into inch slices this way, flip it, cut into inch slices this way, and then inch slices this way so I have inch cubes. Then I put those into my food processor so it's no more than this much high, about an inch above the top blade. And then I'll grind that for about 40 seconds so I pat my meat. And then I stuff, that'll make two cups. So I stuff, I take these two-cup jars, stuff them almost to the top, and I do one a day, and then one extra for the week. So I make eight a week. So I do all of my meat on a Sunday for the whole week, so I don't have to deal with that. I have time for other things. And I make all of my foods in the morning for the whole day. My little bag down there, I have every food that I'm going to take until I go to sleep at night. And then the next morning I will make all the foods for the day. I don't have to do anything with the meats because that's already made. If I have to do juicing, then of course that day I have to spend an hour juicing. So that's a little extra time. But if you want to stay on the diet and do it well, you prepare all of your foods in the day in the morning. While you're making, you're doing your cheese, your eggs, your meat or juice and then meat. During that whole span you can have everything prepared. If I do the meat on Sunday, I can prepare all of my foods for the whole day in 35 minutes.

Q: The whole week?

A: No, each day I still prepare those for the day. But the meats I do once a week.

Q: And did you add honey to that meat before you pate it?

Q: Why don't you get your meat ground? Wouldn't that be simpler?

A: Your body makes hydrochloric acid to dissolve larger particles of food to put it into a soup. Then the bacteria infiltrates that and then the bacteria's waste is our nutrients. Listen to me. So if you have ground meat, your body still has to make a lot of hydrochloric acid to dissolve that into a soup. If it's pateed, by the time you finish mixing it and saliva in your mouth, it's the soup. Your body doesn't even have to manufacture hydrochloric acid. Anywhere in the stomach or intestines. I sleep 1 to 1.5 hours less when I pate my foods. When I eat ground meat, I have to still sleep 45 minutes to an hour more. If I take meat and cut it like I eat meat here, I will sleep an extra 2 hours to an hour. Because my body has to make a lot of hydrochloric acid to dissolve that into a soup for the bacteria to eat. So if you want to maximize your time and energy, don't do something you don't have to do. Pate your meat.

Q: If you have ground meat, I still pate it.

A: Okay, you can do that. That's fine.

Q: That's right. So why do you buy this?

A: I buy the chuck and those other cuts because it's sweeter to me. When I have a ground at a store, they use a high compression.

Q: Maryland sells the ground meat.

A: Yeah, and they use a high pressure grinder to make it. It homogenizes some of the fat molecules so it absorbs some of the blood in it and it takes the sweetness away. So when I cut them up like that and put it and pate it all at the same time, that blood and the fat are all dispersed evenly so it tastes a little bit better. And I'll make sauces. I'll make a sauce, one of my favorite sauces. The only problem I have is that it raises my libido. I don't have a girlfriend, so it's a little annoying. I'll get a little horny while I'm sitting there trying to work. But what it is, is you take about two large tomatoes and put them in a slice and put them in a quart jar. And you take one of those whole packages or two of dill. And you don't use the stems, you use mainly the stalks of it. You take the stems and the fronds on it, the tentacles. And you put that in there with, I use about a thin slice of onion, about like this, about this big around. About an eighth of an inch thick, maybe three-thirty seconds of an inch thick. And then I put two cloves of garlic in.

Q: Two cloves?

A: Cloves. Well, not the whole.

Q: Right, but still. Two cloves.

A: Well, you're talking about a quart of fluid here.

Q: A quart of fluid.

A: A whole quart. So then I'll put one and a half tablespoons of vinegar in with that and two tablespoons of honey. It is absolutely delicious. And it will last months in or out of the refrigerator. I've been traveling with mine. I've got a little bit left. I've got about this much left that I've been eating for a month. And I put just a little of that on mine. If I put a lot, then I'll be really horny. So I just put a little bit on, enough to really flavor and make the pate taste very, very nice. But I always pack my butter with all of that. So I eat a lot of butter, like three tablespoons of butter to four tablespoons for a meal.

Q: Is that in the recipe book?

A: No.

Q: Okay.

A: There may be in there, but I don't think so. That's something I came up with in the Philippines the last time.

Q: You blend it in a blender.

A: Yeah, I blend it in a blender.

Q: You said don't eat double ground beef. But if you pate it, is it okay to buy double ground beef or not?

A: When you put the double ground beef in the high compressor, it homogenizes all the fat. It's not under high pressure in the food processor.

Q: Earlier you said to Kathy, single ground, you can use that and pate it.

A: Yeah.

Q: My question is, but it's still not as good.

A: It still doesn't taste as good to me.

Q: Okay, but even if you're pate, you still don't want double ground. You only want single ground.

A: Because then you homogenize all the fat.

Q: Is that beef that Marilyn sells, the ground bought beef, is that twicely ground?

A: I don't know. I don't buy it, so I don't know. You have to ask her. She'll have to ask.

Q: When you pate your meat, it never goes through such a high power sort of thing.

A: No, there's no pressure.

Q: So you could pate it to like a sauce and it would be okay. Not quite.

A: Well, you're going to stop. If you start blending the sauce in it, it's going to arrest, because all those things are alkaline even though you're using tomato in it. It's got a high alkalinity, so the bacteria is not going to grow in the meat.

Q: But just the meat by itself.

A: You won't partially digest it. It won't digest as well.

Q: But just the meat by itself, you can do whatever.

A: You do that by itself and then add when you're ready to eat it, then you add your sauce and butter at that time.

Q: What do you do if I bought already two pounds of ground beef from her?

A: Use it and don't the next.

Q: I have to eat it then.

A: Yeah, I would eat it. I wouldn't waste it.

Q: Or give it to the poor.

Q: So you can do that same thing with chicken and fish.

A: Absolutely, you can do it with anything.

Q: And no sauce is better for digestion within it to like storing or whatever.

A: Yes, you don't want to store your meat in sauce unless it's just for an hour or two to marinate it in flavor.

Q: Did you say butter goes in that sauce?

A: No. Well, yes, I did. And you can even put cheese in it. The cheese makes it even more horny if I put that in there. The minerals start helping my body build too many hormones. Remember, hormones are for emergency purposes. But I don't exercise because I have no activity rings. Well, this is my exercise. Remember Carrie Grant? This is her exercise. Having sex, that's all you do for exercise. Anyway, you can put cheese in it. You can put butter in it. Do not put olive oil in it. Do not put an oil or coconut oil. Put butter in it.

Q: But if it was white meat like chicken or turkey or something like that, would that be different that you could put olive oil in it?

A: You don't really want it. Olive oil is a heavy detoxifier.

Q: I've been putting olive oil in my pat chicken for probably six or seven years.

A: Yeah, well, you'll be constantly detoxifying. That's okay if you like that. You're not going to rebuild, not heal very much. Olive oil doesn't provide for healing.

Q: So, what, do you mean just plain butter would replace that?

A: Put butter in your sauce. Instead of olive oil. Okay. Cathy, do you have a question?

Q: Oh, yeah. That toe of mine is inflamed and swollen in the left one. Here at the end. And I've been putting the hot water bottle out at night. And at daytime, I'm having trouble walking. You know, it's like needles and pins in your foot.

Q: Okay.

A: At night, before you go to sleep -

Q: What?

A: At night, before you go to sleep, soak it in lime juice. Squeeze enough lime juice where you've got a little bowl. Stick your foot in there.

Q: Cold water?

A: Lime juice.

Q: Oh, just in a bowl?

A: In a bowl with lime juice in it, yeah. It can be cold. It's okay. It doesn't matter.

Q: And filtered water. Do I have to use filtered water? What kind of water?

A: You're not using any water. You're using straight lime juice.

Q: Straight lime juice.

A: Yeah, straight lime juice in a bowl. So you may have to, you know, just get a whole cup, cup and a half. You can reuse it. You can use it for two months.

Q: Wow.

A: So you just put your foot in it every night for 20 minutes. Put the hot water bottle on it for the rest of the night. Then it will resolve that. Okay?

Q: I have to use, make it with a cup and a half.

A: Make a cup of juice, a cup and a half of lime juice. Get a 12 ounce jelly jar. So when you finish soaking your foot, you can put it in the jar and put it back in the refrigerator. Next night you take that out, put it in the bowl again, soak your foot for 20 minutes. Or that toe, that area. It will be cold, but that's fine. You can warm it if you like. You can put it in a bowl of hot water and warm it. It will work faster if you do that. You may only need to soak it for 10 minutes.

Q: Wait a minute. I heat the water on the stove?

A: No, just use the hottest tap water you can.

Q: But then, tap water is fluoride and all this stuff.

A: You're not putting that in the lime juice. You're taking the jar that's closed with the lime juice in it, right? You're immersing that in a bowl of hot water. So the water's not getting into the lime juice.

Q: Oh, oh yeah.

A: Okay? Okay? That's fine. You're doing okay.

Q: No, I'm just putting that time into it. I'm putting it into it.

A: Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, remember when I met you? You couldn't even talk. You're talking very well. You just want to be so ahead because you've been so behind all the time. You worry about keeping up. If you just stop and listen, instead of your mind racing ahead trying to second guess me, you'll absorb it and it'll be easy for you. You're making it difficult for yourself. Now that your brain is working, don't push it. It's a good brain. You can sing, you can talk, you can get people to do things. Think about that. You can get lots of people to help you. That's a phenomenal talent. If you've got a good brain, you just need to trust and stop pushing it. Okay? Jim, do you have a question?

Q: I've got a lot of questions. One of them is, I think I read up on your remedies for waking up at night and not being able to get back to sleep. There's nut paste, there's milk and honey, there's the raspberry jam. What else?

A: Okay. What is your problem?

Q: I don't know.

A: You go to sleep and you wake up how many hours later?

Q: Two hours. Two hours and then I'm awake. It varies.

A: Stop eating olive oil.

Q: Yeah.

A: You're detoxing at night too much. Start eating the butter, start eating more cream, you're going to get fatter again, which is good, but you're going to be able to sleep better. As long as you keep eating olive oil with your meat, you're going to be in constant detox and that meat's not going to feed your brain. And anytime you can't sleep, it's a protein deficiency, unless you're on some kind of cocaine or drug that's keeping you from sleeping.

Q: I want to go back one thing. Can I just say, what is that main thing that is hurting my toe? What is that?

A: Bursa.

Q: What is that?

A: Bursa. It's a little sack that makes fluid to lubricate all the toes. You've got one on each side of the foot.

Q: Why now? Is it detoxing?

A: Yeah. Anytime you have a problem, it's detoxing. Anytime you have a problem anywhere in the body, you've got industrial toxins in that area that need to be removed. So your body will put extra blood circulation and lymph circulation into it to feed it and cleanse it. That causes a swelling which causes pain. If your body can use white blood cells to eat that dead tissue, the white blood cells in the bloodstream eat dead red blood cell tissue.

Q: So the lime is like in your juice or in your foot. It does just antibacterial.

A: Lime juice will reduce the need for having white blood cells there. See you're thinking ahead of me again. So I wanted to take other people. They're not as smart as you. Okay? So when we have white blood cells, they eat dead red blood cells. They keep the blood clean. Their waste is nutrients. It can be reused in the body. It doesn't even have to dump into the intestines. Anything that a white blood cell, as long as it's organic and pure and natural, the waste can be recycled in the blood. Okay? When your body cannot have, doesn't have the proper bacteria or parasites or fungus in a particular area, you will get pus. Pus is white blood cells leaving the bloodstream, going into an area to eat up dead cells, dead tissue. That's all it is. So that's why your dogs and cats, anytime you're pussing, they'll come over and lick your white blood cells. They know it's good stuff because there's very little toxins in it, but you're losing all these white blood cells. Remember, you reproduce your white blood cells, red white blood cells in the bone marrow, it's a slow process. Plus they have to mature in the bone marrow, and when they mature, they enter the bloodstream. So it isn't like they divide and then all of a sudden go into the bloodstream. They have to mature, so there's only so many red white blood cells that can manifest, that can breed in the bone marrow at a time and mature and get into the system. So there's a limit. So whenever you're losing white blood cells in pus, it's a huge waste. Lime juice coats any toxin so your body doesn't damage cells surrounding cells, so your body has to call in white blood cells to eat them. So what will happen is when the body throws off that toxin to the skin, it'll be a little dry area where you just scratch it off. So instead of having pussy and the big area of the skin which is red and inflamed and pusses, you have a little dryness in that area and you'll just pick off the toxin as it comes out the dry skin. Easy way to do it. Okay?

Q: So if it's mainly protein deficiency, how come the raspberries and honey works?

A: Because they have a tendency to raise sugar levels and pull out glycogen out of the body.

Q: But it wouldn't be printed as blueberries and honey or some other berries. I mean, it has to be raspberries.

A: It can be any berry. Any berry. But that's just a quick fix. It's not going to remedy your problem. The problem is you're having olive oil with your meat all the time.

Q: Well, the chicken.

A: Yeah.

Q: Okay.

A: Maybe do that two days a week? Okay.

Q: All I need is, see, I have at least 50%, sometimes way more, beef or bison. And then the chicken, which has been, you know, marinated in olive oil. Well, you know, first with lemon, then the lemon poured off, and then a fairly small amount of olive oil and onions or something like that. But I could put butter in there and try butter and honey and the...

Q: Cream.

A: The food processor.

Q: The food processor.

A: It would be better, because remember the brain uses more white meats than red. Eyes use more red meat. The ears use more red meat. But the brain itself uses more white meat.

Q: So if I wanted to be smart like I was as a kid, I could eat a lot of white meat.

A: Yeah, but with, you know, not with olive oil.

Q: Yeah.

A: Once in a while, you know, maybe two meat meals a week out of, you know, out of 14.

Q: Okay. Thank you. Okay.

A: You're welcome.

Q: Yes.

A: Hi.

Q: Well, I have a question I have. [unintelligible]

Q: I'm going to get upset here.

A: It's okay. Be upset. It's a really... Crying is the best thing you can do. It actually transforms toxic hormones, like old toxic adrenaline and hormones that are made poorly out of old toxic stuff from years ago. It actually transforms them into endorphins, which relax and heal the body.

Q: Great. I'll put that on my list.

A: So cry all you want to. I can come back to you in a second.

Q: That's right. I am. Okay, so in 2010, I had a hemorrhagic stroke for reasons the doctors can't explain to me. Okay, fine. All right, so for the last...

A: Let's resolve that one right now. Hydrogenated vegetable oil.

Q: Okay. Okay, the other thing was, okay, so for a year and a half after that, I had great recovery. I've been on the raw diet for like a year, and during that year I ate a lot, a lot of fish. And I guess, you know, it helps or something. Anyway...

A: But now the fish is contaminated.

Q: No, but I stopped eating the fish, yeah, right around June or July or whatever. And since then I have lost all my recovery.

A: Recovery, yeah.

Q: Yeah.

A: Well, you just have to go for some fish that's, you know, that's not from the Pacific Ocean because of the Fukushima radiation. You need to get it from Nova Scotia or the, you know...

Q: Where do you get that from?

A: New England. You know, Santa Monica Seafood Market.

Q: Nova Scotia?

A: And New England.

Q: You said you gave up all seafood.

A: All seafood from the Pacific and South Atlantic.

Q: They don't have any oysters from Nova Scotia?

A: You ask them which ones, and they'll tell you which ones.

Q: Is something like fermented cod liver oil going to help at all?

A: No, that will not. You need to heal yourself. You've already had the damage, scar tissue.

Q: Well, I, well, I don't know. I feel a lot, and I recreated a lot of new neurons.

A: Yeah.

Q: And I lost the ones that I took.

A: No, you just have them blocked. You still have the, you probably still have the trans fatty acids blocking your brain.

Q: Oh.

A: Because they collect, they have a tendency to, like sand and collect.

Q: Oh, I see.

A: Oh, she isn't here this week, this time. Rosanna, she passed a, you know, a bunch of little crystals from her urinary tract. And she hit them with a hammer, and they wouldn't even break, they wouldn't even dent. That's plastic oil, when it is solidified in the body and collects. I had one of those pop out my nose one time. I mean, I took a sledgehammer, wouldn't even dent it. Would not even dent it.

Q: Scary.

A: So, you know, that's what's blocking your brain. The only thing that's going to get rid of that is the sport formula and hot baths and hot water bottles on your brain, on your head.

Q: Really?

A: Yeah.

Q: I mean, hot water?

A: Hot water bottles on your head.

Q: You have, with a wrap, with a towel. Yeah, you wrap it with a towel, he told me.

A: Yeah.

Q: But the thing is, it cuts down to here, and then it cuts here. I feel I can't move. I mean, it hurts me.

A: Well, then, put it a little higher.

Q: Oh, right.

Q: Can I ask you something about those hot baths? I've heard you recommend those hot baths a couple of times. Is that the same as like saunas or sweat lodges?

A: Saunas are a minimum of 132 degrees. Those are the infrared. And your skin starts being damaged at 110 degrees. Destroy the vitamins and enzymes in your skin. Imagine what it does to your sinuses and your bronchioles.

Q: So, the hot bath, do you have...

Q: There's two places in his book where you can look at that.

A: Yeah, look under food modalities, I mean health modalities, under baths. He talks about it there. But the best thing is to get a hot tub because it's a straight temperature. So, there's no up and down with it. And that really works much faster.

Q: You can't get that unless you have to have it someplace to build it.

A: Yes, you do.

Q: If you have a partner, not possible.

Q: So, in terms of what Jan just said, she had some recovery, and then she stopped eating fish, and she said... She lost some of her apparent recovery. And why would she lose the recovery?

A: Getting blocked, the same centers that she damaged before were blocked. Not that she's lost the recovery, it's blocked again.

Q: The recovery is blocked.

A: Yeah, the transmission of synapse and axions and ganglions are blocked again by the plastic fats. So, even though she's recovered...

Q: I haven't been eating any plastic fats. I've been eating the raw diet.

A: They're in your body and they're going to be transported and transported and moved all the time.

Q: And does fish help unblock the plastic fats?

A: No, no, it does not. It helps build neurons and nerves, but it does not help clean it. Vinegar will, pineapple will.

Q: Those will help unblock?

A: Those help unblock and heat.

Q: Okay. Vinegar and...

A: Vinegar, pineapple, and heat.

Q: Hot water bottle.

A: Tomatoes will also help clean, clear the brain. Do you have a question?

Q: Yes, yes, on that thought, tomatoes help clear the brain. It's about, let's see, I have a lot of heavy metals in my brain and over the past years I've lost a lot of memory ability for memory and concentration. And while I like it a lot for my artistic sense, because my cognitive brain isn't interfering with my creativity, I kind of enjoy that. However, I need my cognitive centers and my ability to concentrate and memory. I've been doing the formula with the berries and the coconut cream and whey and milk and honey, etc. that you recommended last time. I've been doing that, alternating it with the cheese. Can you comment further?

A: Well, the cheese, you just need to, if you want to remove that. She was a laboratory technician and got tons of mercury -

Q: Scientist. Thank you.

A: I'm sorry, I degraded her. Demotion. And she got a lot of mercury and formaldehyde in her system, inhaling it into her skin, everything. She's full of metals. She could be the female Terminator. That takes a while to get rid of those. It takes 50 to 200 fat molecules to get rid of one molecule of mercury safely. So it's going to be a long haul. But if that part of your brain is stuck, it's not really dead because I didn't see a lot of death in the brain. Yours is clogged too with the trans fatty acids. You just have to clear that the same way. Cognitive factors, that's the right side. So you put it on the right side of the brain.

Q: All right, so vinegar, pineapple, heat, tomatoes, the hot baths, and the metal detox formula that you recommended.

A: Right, and cheese.

Q: And cheese. Okay, thanks.

A: You're welcome.

Q: Is the metal detox formula, is that the vaccine formula?

A: No, no, it's berries and coconut cream and dairy cream. And vinegar, if you add vinegar to it, it removes faster. But it's just a problem with the vinegar and the berries and coconut cream and all that. It tastes so good, people start chugging it. And then sometimes you get stomach aches because they drink it too fast. So that's why I don't tell a lot of people vinegar. So if you have control, add vinegar. Don't have control, don't add the vinegar.

Q: And cream, should I...

A: And only half a teaspoon of vinegar.

Q: Should I, you mentioned last question, cream for the brain. Should I be eating more cream? I'm only having, yeah, should I emphasize the cream in my diet?

A: If you want to rebuild it, if it's clogged, you've got to unclog it. I think your brain is good. I don't think you're having a problem there. You have the blocks, synapse and ganglion. I mean your ganglions and axions are getting full of this plastic, these plastic balls or crystals. And then synapse can't fire. So, hot water bottle on the right side. If you want, you can put one on here and one up here. And then put a towel over it so you can breathe. Leave your nose and mouth out unless you've got a snorkel. Does anybody, here at the last potluck. We had John and Jill from Nevada City. You know how they take their hot tub, get in their hot tub? Snorkel. Put a snorkel. Can you imagine all these years I never thought of that? I had my whole head under my bathtub, I mean my hot tub all those years. And had the snorkel.

Q: But it's a rubber mouthpiece, right?

A: Well, as long as they're cured, that's okay. Rubber's okay. If it's plastic, you know, in the heat, it can be a problem. But rubber's okay.

Q: Wow. That's cool.

A: Yeah, it is. I was talking about that. How much faster I could have detoxed it.

Q: Your whole face.

A: Yeah, everything's under and they've got the snorkel.

Q: Wow.

Q: You would do that in a bathtub?

A: Yeah.

Q: How long do they stay under? Under the rubber tub.

Q: The snorkel.

A: The snorkel, yeah.

Q: How long do they stay in the entire session under the...

A: I didn't ask that.

Q: How long they can be under.

Q: The conversations are very interesting.

A: Well, in my hot tub, I had a, you know, it was a Greek tub, big tub, ten feet in diameter. And then I had an area to sit on here and then the open pit in here. So I would have my feet on the seat over that side and my head on this side. And my body wouldn't be touching anything in between. And I would sleep that way. But my head was always this much underwater. I would just think with the snorkel, it could be all underwater. I just filled the hot tub a little bit more. It would have been great.

Q: Do you have a question? Yeah, if you eat something that's not organic, if you eat lots of fat with it, lots of butter, cream, will that absorb?

A: Some of it.

Q: Not all of it?

A: No, not all of it. Now, there were some laboratories that actually came in about two, three months ago that showed that organic food had five times more pesticides and garbage on it than non-organic food. That means that people are like the Bushes, like who bought, you know, and own Whole Foods, [unintelligible] andd the Bush family of Texas. They are propagandizing. They are poisoning you purposely. They are going out and finding the worst foods, saying they are organic to feed, to destroy those people who have intelligent minds. Remember, when Bush was involved in Nicaragua, El Salvador, and in Cambodia, what did they do? They went around and killed all the professors. Anybody who had intelligence, who could think, they got rid of the thinking class. Now you go to Cambodia, you got a bunch of cowboys who don't have wisdom. There are not many old people there who knew anything. That's a really weird country. You got kids with no sense of wisdom running a country. And all they do is just, they'll do the bidding of anything the American government wants, the CIA, they'll do anything that they want, which means in corporate hands. So, they're dumbing you down. You people who know about organic, they're dumbing you down. So, I don't trust any organic food from Whole Foods. Only thing that I will ever buy from Whole Foods is Gerolsteiner or Apollonaris water, or their all grass-fed beef, because when I taste it, it is all grass-fed. You can't have anything that tastes like venison, except for all grass-fed beef.

Q: Their cucumbers are okay because it's not wax. I bought the cucumber there.

A: Like I said, I don't trust anything from them. I would go to Erewhon first, I would go to Santa Monica Co-op, I would go to Rainbow Acres. I stay away from Whole Foods.

Q: What about Sprouts?

A: Pardon?

Q: What about Sprouts?

A: Sprouts? Yeah. They're usually grown in whatever city water is used. They're not grown in good water. So, you got fluoride, you got... They're grown in LA, they're using 192 chemicals in our water.

Q: He means the store sprouts. The store chain.

Q: The chain of stores, similar to Whole Foods, Sprouts.

A: Those are okay. When they get bought up by Whole Foods, then they won't be any good.

Q: But they're not owned by Whole Foods.

A: I know, so they're okay.

Q: So, none of their produce in Whole Foods, I shouldn't go for?

A: I don't trust anything from Whole Foods. I won't shop at a Whole Foods, except for that beef and that water. That water is for my hair and face.

Q: Are you okay with the New Zealand lamb, if it's in the original package?

A: Well, I called them the New Zealand lamb and it's okay.

Q: What about the Icelandic lamb?

A: Pardon?

Q: Icelandic, they actually have lamb from Iceland of all places.

A: Really? I haven't called about that, so... I would check everything, Nick. I would check absolutely everything. And then their whole natural beef, they feed it 25% donuts, bakery waste. When they first came out, when I talked with Lubbock, where their offices were in Texas, I got to the man who handles, you know, they don't grow all that, they contract with ranchers, just like I contract with farmers to get our milk. So, Whole Foods contracts with ranchers to provide certain kinds of meats, grown and provided for in the way that they want it done. And to cut costs, they buy this very inexpensive bakery waste, which are donuts. And they were feeding it at that time, when they first opened, 15% bakery waste. Now it's 25% bakery waste. And I said, wait a minute, cows don't eat donuts. They'll fry them and [unintelligible] fatty acids and eat them. Oh, but they eat the grains.

Q: Oh, gosh.

Q: Should I throw away the cucumbers that I bought by them?

A: That's up to you. It's up to you.

Q: How about Trader Joe's?

A: Trader Joe's? Trader Joe's, that's a tough one too. That's a very tough one. They cut a lot of corners to get cheap foods. And they lie, a con way, quite a few times. So you can't really tell whether they're true or not.

Q: So basically we don't know what to eat.

A: Well, that's why I say, you've got to know your farmer. We've got to make contracts with more farmers. That's why I put all these farmers together. That's why I'm spending thousands and thousands of dollars fighting the government for farmers.

Q: Farmer's markets, we're talking about.

A: No.

Q: Are there any Amish?

A: Those guys are garbage.

Q: Any Amish in California? Amish farms?

A: No. Too expensive. Land is too expensive here. They go broke. There are a lot in Kansas. Kansas is the next place I'm going to recruit.

Q: Good.

Q: For bringing our produce in, are you talking about?

A: Everything. Like I said, we don't eat much produce.

Q: I mean for celery or lettuce, cilantro.

A: I can say, go to these other ones. You go to Erewhon. I've known the people of Erewhon for 32 years.

Q: There's new owners there now.

A: Yeah, but they sold it. But Teddy's still there and Alan's still there. And I've known them for 32 years.

Q: You said the fat will absorb some. Now some, do you mean quarter, half, three quarters?

A: Depends on how much concentrated the poisons are. Like if you've got five times the pesticides normal that are in commercial, in your organic, you can eat probably five tablespoons of butter with a half a pint of berries and not clear it all. If you have cheese with it, you're likely to clear it all.

Q: Oh really?

A: Cheese and butter, cheese and cream.

Q: So that would be good like for an emergency. Let's say you couldn't get grass fed. Oh, you could, you know, you had a shop at Ralph's. So you have cheese and butter with that meat.

A: Yeah, but you have to understand that those toxins have caused mutant genes in that meat. So, not the best thing in the world. I always say you need to cut meat up and store it. Lewis has started to make a storage of meats. What you do is cut them up. I dry them for 30 minutes on each side. That's four sides, you know, in the sun, 30 minutes on each side just to seal it, seal the blood in. And then I coat it with olive oil and stick it in a quart jar or a half gallon jar with maybe a cup, cup and a half of olive oil. I stuff the meat down in there tightly and then of course the olive oil will go up to a certain point then I'm going to stuff more meat in. I'll put more olive oil. So I've got about this much olive oil covering the top of the meat and then still this much air space, about half inch to three quarters of an inch because it's going to out gas a little bit. And when you see the top bending, bowing, you let that gas out and put it back on. And usually you only have to do that two times. I kept meat that way for 10 years. And I had 10 of them that I made and each year I took out, it was for the, you know, Y2K. I knew, I was a programmer, so I knew that Y2K was just a money scam. You know, trashing computers. No, it would just make a lot of your figures bad. You know, as it changes dates, but it's not going to destroy anything, not going to create a bank catastrophe or anything. So these programmers made billions of dollars, including, what was this, that guy who ran for president from Texas, Perot, yeah. He made billions off of that. Because he had programming systems, you know. Oh, we'll save you, you know. So he charges 10 times more than normal because we've got a disaster coming. So they made a bunch. Anyway, I made these jars and took out one a year to see how it tasted. It was wonderful.

Q: You stored them where?

A: Pardon?

Q: You stored them where?

A: I stored them in a low cupboard, not refrigeration.

Q: What temperature?

A: The room, you know, I didn't use heat. I was in Malibu Mountains, you know, near the top. So at the warmest it probably got was 98 degrees in the daytime. And the coldest it got was probably 30 degrees, 35, 36.

Q: It was just red meat or all kinds of meat?

A: It was just red meat. It was all venison. It was a deer.

Q: I find that when I pate the meat and I really like stuff it in those ball jars with no air in it, it just stays like... But I am putting it in the refrigerator, it's staying pink.

A: Yeah.

Q: It's like... Is that something similar to what you're describing?

A: No, no, that's an entirely different way of keeping it, but you still have to keep it in the refrigerator. I do keep mine like that. When I pate it, I keep it in the refrigerator. When you're storing a lot for emergency purposes, you're not going to have a refrigerator when electricity goes out. You have to eat something that's going to store meat without refrigeration.

Q: Could you pate it and then just cover that with a thin layer of olive oil?

A: No, no, no. When I'm putting it in the refrigerator, making my pate for the week...

Q: No, no, I'm just saying as an alternative to the way you said, could you also pate it?

A: I don't know. You can try it and see. I haven't tried it.

Q: What do you coat it with? Do you have one of those brushes?

A: Yeah, a basting brush.

Q: What is it made out of? Not nylon?

A: Well, they have some that are made out of boar's bristle. I don't know if you can still get them. I have one that's made out of that. You can get boar bristles, you can get those vegetable scrubs, and just brush it on with that.

Q: How long will you let it sit out in the sun?

A: 30 minutes on each side, so you've got four sides, that's two hours. You have to flip them every 30 minutes.

Q: There's a brush that you're talking about, it's a white bristle, it's not what you wipe your meat with. It's like a vegetable brush you're talking about.

A: I was giving two alternatives, I was talking about the vegetable brush or the brush. You can also go to a paint store, an artist's paint store, and find a natural bristle, larger brush, very expensive, may cost you $30-$50, but then you know it's natural, and you keep that for a while. Olive oil won't break it down. I have brushes that are 36 years old, that are fine paint brushes when I used to paint, and they're still good. I always clean mine with olive oil.

Q: Do you know where an artist shop is around here?

A: There's Michael's in Santa Monica. Do you have a question?

Q: I've been experiencing more than normal for me, like diarrhea, nausea, bloating, smelly fart, lack of appetite. For me, that's not like normal.

A: Intestinal detox. Cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese. Absorb all that stuff. Remember when you have gas, and you have swelling like that, that means your poisons are mixing with your digestive juices. Cheese will absorb those, so they don't mix.

Q: Without honey?

A: No. Remember when you're detoxing, cheese is not to be digested. It's to absorb the poisons and move out. So if you're using no salt, raw cheese, you won't digest it. There are no enzymes in it. But the body will use it to absorb those toxins and move out the bowels. If you eat honey with it, that's to digest the cheese. You don't want to digest your poisons, re-digest your poisons, so when I tell you to have cheese for detoxification, it's without fruit or honey.

Q: With that volume of cheese that you've been talking about for a couple hours here, I've tried eating cheese with butter, and it doesn't seem to do anything. You know, cheese just creates...

A: Jim, you are one of the most fat deficient persons I've ever met. It's going to take you another ten years to catch up on getting the butter in your system, the fat that you need.

Q: So just more butter?

A: More butter, more butter you need in your diet. And you may need honey and butter together to digest it all. It depends on how well your liver is working, producing enough bile. The bile is produced by the liver. That's the only thing the liver is supposed to do. Bile fractionates fat globules, spreads it out so the bacteria can infiltrate it. Without the bile, fat molecules cluster to balls.

Q: Now, you mentioned, as far as cheese, you mentioned to me, thirty minutes after a meat meal, eat a couple of tablespoons of cheese with some honey. That seems to be an exception to...

A: No, let's go over this again. After you have the meat meal, twenty-five minutes after that, you have a little piece of cheese, maybe one or two cubes, to absorb the poisons. Ten minutes after that, you have the cheese and honey. Just remember, I always say ten minutes before you eat anything, you eat a piece of cheese. So you're not getting the poisons into your food. It will be absorbed into that cheese first. And that includes the cheese with the honey. You have the cheese ten minutes before that, plain cheese, or cheese with butter, ten minutes before you have the honey and cheese. Okay? Question, Michael.

Q: I've had a rash, as you know, on my legs for a long time. It seems to be getting a little bit worse. I use egg white, butter, and bone marrow. I don't know how the egg white is treated, like a burn, butter, and bone marrow. It's pretty itching. It lets me sleep at night. It's been two years now.

A: You just have to remember that you've got toxins coming out of that skin constantly, either from your joints or from the bone itself, discharging in that place. Now I will experiment with my advanced cancer patients when they come to me. So I had this woman, and they had the same thing like that, but around her breast. And it was half gone. Now I saw it yesterday, and it was starting to grow back, the actual breast. First time I've seen a breast starting to grow back, and it was already collapsing from the body, breaking down the cancers in there and dissolving it. So her whole breast, and I told her that I'm used to people losing a breast, you know, naturally, so they don't lose all their lymphatic glands around, and it'll keep them from having lung cancer. But her breast actually started growing back, but what started it was, I told her to start packing it with cheese, taking a little cheese and milk and mashing it, getting it to a paste and put the cheese over it. Stopped all the bleeding, stopped all that deterioration, and started a healing effect. So that doesn't mean that she's not going to have trouble later, because she still has to get rid of the dead cells that make up the tumor. She still has some hardened tumor over here. All the tumor up here is all gone. It's just soft and breast again. Now there's just a little bit down here, so she stopped it from secreting. Now it may go inside her or grow down this way, you know, the cancer moving. And I warned her that that might happen, but she just panicked. So that was a quick fix, so she wouldn't run to the doctor and have her whole breast cut off and all of her lymph glands and all of that. She'd probably died in about six years. And that breast and the tumor should have been absolutely gargantuous according to the medical profession, but each year it's been getting softer and smaller. So she's been hit. But when it started leaking and bleeding a lot, and that's a sign that the cancer cells are actually dying, they contain like a solvent product that dissolves the dead cells. You only have one cancer cell around 50 to 200 dead cells. It's isolated. But you do have blood and lymph and neurological circulation in a malignant tumor, not in a benign tumor. There's no circulation in a benign tumor. It's a dead substance. You're not going to eliminate it easily. But when you have all the circulations into it, you can dissolve a tumor. You can restore the body to a working, functional, living system again. When you have a benign tumor, it's not living. The whole area is completely dead. So when that cancer cell begins dying and setting out that solvent to dissolve those dead cells, the serum's got to go somewhere. You don't want it to go inside. You want it to come out to the skin. It's going to damage skin. It's going to buckle in. It's going to cause it to be sore and other things, but you will discharge it that way. But I was very pleased with the process. But I let her know that that was a quick fix. Seeps again. Enjoy the seep. That's the cancer cells dissolving all those dead cells that make up 90% of the tumor.

Q: People were just leaving a long...

A: He raised his hand first. Go ahead.

Q: I used to have lower back pain intermittently on the left side. And it was from strain in the back, and it would go away. Or I'd have it adjusted, and I'd be fine. About two months ago, I got it in the right side, lower back, and almost immediately started to get numbness going down the back of my leg.

A: Sciatica.

Q: Yeah.

A: Hot water bottle.

Q: Okay, hot water bottle to this area. The back irritation is gone, but I've gotten severe nerve pain when I stand up and so forth right now.

A: Then you've got a block. You've got trans-fatty acids or mineral blocking that system.

Q: Okay, so the hot water bottle.

A: Vinegar and pineapple and hot heat. Does it feel deep or surface?

Q: No, more deep.

A: It's got to be internal.

Q: Okay.

A: Eat it. Let's keep on the subject that we were talking about.

Q: How do you know that Michael doesn't have shingles?

A: Well, shingles is always toxins leaving through the skin or drying out the skin.

Q: Couldn't that be what's happening with him?

A: Yeah, that's what I said.

Q: Oh, I see. Well, let me tell you, on shingles, I had like a patch, just almost a square patch itching, and I went in the book, and I looked, and I found shingles, and I had a banana and honey, just like you said, and poof, the thing went away. Just amazing.

Q: You mean you ate a banana or you rubbed it?

Q: I ate a banana.

Q: I mean, [unintelligible] honey, and I was like, you know, a great day, you know, to eat a banana.

Q: That's medicine.

Q: What a great cure.

A: Yeah.

Q: I'll take that prescription any day.

A: Yeah, but what that did was that created like a mucosal coating on the cells to protect them as the toxins came through. And sometimes the reason I don't like people to do it too often is it'll send the poison somewhere else. So you'll find you get shingles somewhere else or dry skin somewhere else.

Q: Well, I did have one other one, so I had another banana and more honey, and that one went away, and that was it.

A: Yeah, so now it's not detoxing.

Q: I can have a banana and honey, you know, proactively now.

A: There's a bag right down there next to you. Can you hand that to me?

Q: I was always thinking that one.

A: That's my bag.

Q: I was just going to ask you something. With the cancer, if people just leave it alone, won't it just go away? It won't bother you. It's the medical tradition that's been affecting the cancer rate.

A: According to Harvin B. Jones, 76% of the cancer that he observed went away on its own, but the other 23% didn't.

Q: That was years ago, right?

A: That was in the 50s. Yeah, so 60s. Straight from the cow, unrefrigerated.

Q: Where did you get it? Was it [unintelligible]?

A: No, I got a guy that I turned on in his retirement. He became a farmer.

Q: That's not retirement.

A: So I got it right from him, this cow, in Ohio.

Q: Wow.

Q: There's a lot of fat in that one. You can see it.

Q: How creamy.

Q: He has Jersey cows?

A: All Jersey. Question here. She hasn't had a question?

Q: Me too, haven't I?

Q: Oh, no.

Q: Teeth? I had a tooth pulled here because it was cracked. I didn't want a root canal. That's just been proved to go still. I get a tiny bit of pink saliva in the morning.

A: Well, you probably have a little bit of bone chip in there.

Q: Teeth.

A: She said she had a tooth pulled because it cracked. She didn't want a root canal in it to put a crown on it.

Q: It had abscess.

A: Abscess is just the nerve cleaning out around the tooth. It's not the tooth itself. So, anyway, she said she keeps having in the morning a little bit of pink seepage, which means she has some splinter of bone, of tooth still in there. I had the same thing last year. I had a tooth that came loose back here, and I had a root canal done on it probably 1978. And, of course, Vivian is one of Paul and any tooth that's got a root canal. Root canals are not bad. It's the poisons that go in, especially the injections that they give, xylocaine and novocaine. They create a tremendous amount of tongue and jaw cancer, facial cancer, eye cancer, brain cancer. So, they'll hook you into this crap believing that root canals are not good. When a root canal is done, there's no nerve in it. So, your body is not going to be dumping any toxins into that tooth. So, the whole idea that you're going to have a toxic tooth because you have a root canal is absurd. You may get an abscess around it, but that's the nerve from the brain going down to the tooth base. It's still cleaning. Only it's not cleaning through the tooth anymore. It's cleaning out the gum and around the gum. So, you get abscesses. So, anyway, I got an abscess because this tooth was ready to be removed. It was in my way because I was constantly chewing, you know, and just getting gnarled in there and hurt. So, I just took some dental floss and wrapped it around and yanked it out. That took care of it. But I had a bone fragment that came passed out in the next six months. And I could feel it poking and poking. mAnd my body just worked its way out to the point where I just took a tweezers and popped it out. And it was a good probably three thirty-sexths of an inch long and about a thirty-sexths of an inch thick.

Q: You put a bone graft in. That's not good.

A: No, it isn't good. You got to trust your body to rebuild your own bone. Like my bone, when I pulled out that tooth, because I just kept it in there, I wasn't going to pull it until I had to. The bone was gone way down, down the road and it's growing all the way back up again.

Q: So, should I have to remove it or leave it?

A: Your body may have a chip that it's trying to throw out.

Q: Okay. So, is there anything I should have him do or just leave it?

A: Just let it go because it'll just shoot you with more Novocaine.

Q: Yeah.

A: Not good.

Q: Then I have a tooth here that they say is dead. Now it has a, it may be to appear from the temple of Lovis.

A: Okay, that's not the tooth, that's the nerve leaking.

Q: He said it's eating away my bone and my sinus is a mess.

A: It will eat away the bone because it needs calcium, but you can grow it back.

Q: So, just leave this tooth?

A: Leave it, absolutely.

Q: Okay.

A: I've got four dead teeth in my mouth and I'm not removing them until my body says they're coming out.

Q: So, should we try this at home? This...

Q: You'd have a door you'd slam too or something, right?

A: I didn't trust that door. You never know what angle. With this I could just pull like this and I knew it was going up and out.

Q: I found needle nose fire useful at least for small teeth.

Q: Just watch all that [unintelligible].

Q: Three [unintelligible] have great videos doing this. We have plenty of documents on this.

Q: I'm going to ask you a question about this tooth. This is a veneer. I really want it to stay. He's a biological dentist. He says there's a root canal that almost never gets infected because it's made with something called MTA and he really claims that this is what he wants to do to take that infection out. I can feel it way up here. It's like my whole head.

A: But that's your nerve detoxing. It's not the tooth.

Q: The infection that goes in my sinus?

A: Yeah, that's from the brain because you've got mercury or something in that nerve going down to the tooth.

Q: Right.

A: The nerve's detoxing. You're not backing up the tooth this way. If a tooth detoxes, it's going to come out the gum.

Q: It's been this way for a few years. Just keep the tooth and not worry about there's a lot of stuff that goes on in here. My ear, down here.

A: But that's all your nerves and cleaning up from toxins in the brain.

Q: Just keep the tooth. I could have kept this one.

A: Absolutely.

Q: You've got a novocaine.

Q: Silly girl.

A: Novocaine is terrible stuff.

Q: I'll ask a second question.

Q: They have to.

A: These two have to and then we're going to be finished. You're gonna have to call me on any other questions. Go ahead.

Q: Oh, I've been eating for four years this kind of food.

A: How many years?

Q: Four years.

A: Four years you've been doing this?

Q: Yeah.

A: Okay.

Q: And I feel great.

A: Good.

Q: I drive my bike for almost five years, almost every day. I don't use it too much the car. I don't. Everywhere. Pasadena, Atlanta, or any place. But I want to gain weight. They say, oh, because you use too much bicycle.

A: No.

Q: No.

A: Like I told him, you have to eat two pounds of meat a day, one pound at a time, with the lubrication formula, a whole lubrication formula that's on page 146 of the recipe book.

Q: Okay.

A: You make two of those a day. You have to eat one of those with each meat meal and you will gain weight. Everybody has. All my skinny little people like you become big and strong like him.

Q: One pound?

A: One pound twice daily. So two pounds a day.

Q: Two pounds a day.

Q: Two pounds a day. Okay.

A: Yeah. And take you, you know, it depends on how much you work out, how quickly you will build the muscle. But I've seen it happen in five months. Like I said, Larry Luckey put four inches on his arms and six in his chest in five months.

Q: Wow.

Q: And do you eat it with the meat or after? You wait a long time?

A: Well, you eat, let's say, a third of it with the meat and then the rest ten minutes after. You eat a third of the lubrication formula with the meat and then two-thirds of it about ten minutes after you finish the meat meal.

Q: Can I ask you another question, very short? My friend who called me last night, she got paralyzed.

A: Shocked? I mean a stroke?

Q: Yeah, eyes like that and the mouth like that.

A: Stroke.

Q: Why do you recommend it?

A: Well, I say in the book, but also, you know, she can eat vinegar, it's very helpful to clean the system out. Because if you have a stroke, you either have a bleeding of the brain, so the brain doesn't get nutrients and it fills up and swells in the brain. That usually causes death. So if she isn't dead, then what she had was a block in her brain. And depending on what the block was, was it mineral buildup or was it trans fatty acids? Either way, vinegar will help remove that.

Q: And water, bottle of water?

A: Pardon? Oh, hot water bottle, absolutely. Always hot water bottle, not an injury and pain.

Q: Thank you.

A: Okay.

Q: Yeah. I've been doing the diet for about seven years and the raw meat, I'm apparently not doing it right. I know now I should pate it, I'm going to do that. But I've always added honey to it. It sounds like really that's not necessary. You don't recommend adding honey to the meat?

A: Well, it just adds enzymes for breaking it down. If you pate it, you don't need the honey with it. And it's better because honey has a tendency to inhibit certain bacteria.

Q: Okay. And then, could I get that sauce one more time that you gave? It's so good because I'm getting so tired of the meat.

A: Well, I have 82 sauces in the recipe.

Q: The one you said is so good. Could you give it to us one more time?

A: It's like three cups of tomato. Oh, and I put egg in it. I'm sorry. It's two and a half cups of tomato. I put two to three eggs depending on the size of eggs. So all those who wrote it down before add eggs to that. Two cloves of garlic. One slice of onion that's about an eighth or three-thirty seconds of an inch thick. One of those packages of dill, at least one.

Q: A small little box.

A: Yeah.

Q: A little plastic box.

A: And not the stalks, but the stems and the tentacles. And one and a half tablespoons of vinegar. You can have up to two. If anybody's had a stroke or anything like that, probably two would be better. Or any kind of clots or blockages in blood flow or whatever. Varicose veins, spider veins. And put about two tablespoons of butter, heaping tablespoons of butter. So it'd be three tablespoons of butter. And cheese if you like.

Q: You said honey, too, before.

A: Yeah, two tablespoons of honey.

Q: And that's put in the quart jar and then blended with the oster blender.

A: Yep. And I blend that for a full 50 seconds to a minute.

Q: And that lasts a week?

A: I've had it last months.

Q: Without refrigeration?

A: No, well, both with and without. I made a big batch. I took off to the Philippines and left some in the refrigerator, took some with me, ate it without refrigeration. When I went to this last 10-day trip to Chicago and Cincinnati, I didn't refrigerate it at all. I left it out the whole time.

Q: You said the eggs go bad in 24 hours.

A: Not in this. It's such a little part. You've got the vinegar and honey to stop them from advancing.

Q: Wow.

Q: But you just eat the meat and then you dip it into the sauce?

A: No, I pat my meat and then spread that on the top.

Q: Oh, you just spread it on the top.

A: And then I pat my butter on the side and I take a little butter with a big chunk of meat.

Q: How much butter?

A: I said two to three tablespoons of butter.

Q: Oh, perfect. I'm sorry, I didn't ask the cheese amount.

A: Two tablespoons of honey.

Q: Yes.

A: Whatever cheese you want. Whatever is optional. If you use an inch cube, two inch cube, it depends on what consistency you like. And if you want a really strong tart sauce, then don't put so much cheese in it.

Q: And if you don't fill it all the way to the top, then I've left something out, right? Or I'm not adding enough of something because it should fill all the way to the top.

A: No, it doesn't have to. It depends upon the size of the tomatoes and stuff. It depends upon the size of the eggs. Mine was probably about four ounces, three or four ounces below the quart level.

Q: So you don't worry about oxygenation with that?

A: No. No, because I use it the [unintelligible] and, you know, sits there in the refrigerator or outside the refrigerator.

Q: Yeah, blending it in too.

A: For months.

Q: Okay.

A: Well, it seems to last great.

Q: I'm married, so I don't have to worry about that.

A: What time does it vote?

Q: Oh, it's time.