FOREWORD

All of my students reported that they learned as much from
their sixteenth read of my book The Primal Diet;We Want To
Live, Vol. 1, Out Of The Grips Of Disease And Death (the story);
and Vol. 2, Healthfully (the facts) ,^1 as they did when they read it
for the first time. The information in that book and this book is
so contrary to the assumed medical perspective that I suggest
everyone on the path to optimal health reread my books often for
better clarity and understanding. Health awareness develops
incrementally over time and with experience.

DEDICATION

DISCLAIMER
This material has been written and published solely for
educational purposes. The reader understands that the author and
publisher are not engaged in rendering medical advice or
services. The author and publisher provide this information, and
the reader accepts it, with the understanding that people act on it
at their own risk. The author and publisher shall have neither
liability or responsibility to any person or entity with respect to
any loss, damage or injury caused, or alleged to be caused,
directly or indirectly by the information contained in this book.

(^1) Santa Monica, CA; Carnelian Bay Castle Press, 1997, 2005.

Author of the life-changing book on living free of disease:
The Primal Diet; We Want To Live

Volume One

According to the world-renowned Dr. Samuel Epstein, M.D.,
one of every 2.5 people develops cancer. Why has the cancer
rate increased from 1 in 8,000 in the year 1906 to 1 in 2.5?

Considering all of the other diseases and those yet to come,
what are our chances of developing disease in our lifetime?
100%?! What are the odds that hospitals, doctors, insurance
companies and HMOs will decide that it is too expensive to treat
us? How many insurance companies will deny us, or fail and
seek bankruptcy? According to recent estimates, 50% of possible
medical treatment is withheld because of cost-savings. Trends
indicate that in 10 years, few people will have access to medical
treatments other than drugs. Why do we continue to hear from
the media that medical science is on the verge of freeing us from
disease?

With the extremely low success-rate of medical treatments,
what are the odds that medical therapies will be a waste of our
time, money and health? What are the chances that we will get
medical-induced diseases from doctors, hospitals and
medication?

The Journal of American Medical Association reported from
university research that conservatively, 137,000 hospital deaths
and 2.1 million serious hospital injuries occur each year from
medication. Additionally, consider the conservative estimate that
the non-hospital-medication deaths and injuries may be 5 million
per year. Plus, medical therapies cause over 2 million diseases
per year. With those statistics, should we trust medical
treatments? Do we want to risk those frightful odds?

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 9

Would we be more secure in living life-styles that insure
better health and freedom from disease at a fraction of the cost
of medical treatments?

How I Discovered What Health Is
I am compelled to tell my story. It may save many lives from
fa lling into the same fate that I did with medical treatment. I am
one of the statistics cited above. My experiences were traumatic
and true. Often, they elicit emotionality, even hostility toward
the medical system. However, I no longer live in anger or
hostility. My life is wonderful now. I took responsibility and
made it rich in health.

I was frequently sick after birth. I was administered pound
after pound of medication without dietary change. Family,
teachers, the media, doctors and scientists convinced me to
believe that disease is a natural phenomenon to which mainly
weak-minded individuals succumb. I was considered weak and
useless. Instead of getting healthier with medical therapy, I got
worse. Some people said that I suffered at the mercy of God,
Karma or Nature. Others said that I was the product of genetic
mishap.

I was conditioned to believe that a few pills or injections
would cure my problems. Then I was led to believe that several
pounds of pills or injections were needed. I was indoctrinated to
believe that medication is all-important and that the quality of
our food is of little consequence.

My first 20 years were full of illness including developmental
autism. At 20, I was diagnosed with a stomach ulcer. Medical
treatment turned the ulcer into cancer. The doctors treated me as
if I were stupid if I did not do what they demanded. They told
me that I would suffer “beyond belief” and die quickly. They
traumatized me into believing that I had to let them cut and
restructure my stomach, expose me to radiation and infuse me
with chemotherapy.

Doctors did not tell me that for every one cancer cell that is
burned by radiation a hundred million healthy cells are burned. I
was not informed that radiation prevented billions of healthy

(^10) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
cells from reproducing. They did not mention that radiation
therapy would cause blood and bone cancers, cauterize my spine
and greatly restrict movement. They did not inform me that for
every one cancer cell poisoned by chemotherapy one billion
healthy cells were poisoned. There was no mention that
chemotherapy congested the lymph system and would cause me
lymphoma. They did not tell me that all of their cancer
treatments prevented proper healing, or that they would give me
psoriasis and bursitis. They did not warn me that chemotherapy
would damage my kidneys and bladder. I learned the hard way
that, probably, I would not be able to live without a diaper.
The horror stories I heard, about what would happen if I did
not attack the cancer, would have been a lot less traumatic than
what I experienced with treatment. Doctors said that those
therapies would be helpful and extend my life; possibly conquer
my cancers. My life deteriorated rapidly within weeks after each
therapy ended. The treatments rendered me suicidal in despair.
Rather than speak rationally about the facts of cancer-
treatment, doctors terrorized me into believing them. I call it
terrorism because their advice and stories left me so completely
traumatized that I did anything they prescribe whether rational or
not, based on true science or not.
Too late, I comprehended that the foundation and structure of
medicine is disease not wellness. I learned that doctors know
little or nothing about health and healing. I discovered that
medical doctors’ prejudices and fears do not accept rationale or
empirical evidence when it comes to food, bacteria, virus,
parasites, disease and pollution.
Doctors have been trained to attack microbes. We are treated
with drugs that most often do not work. When they work, the
effects are usually temporary and addictive. All drugs have side
effects. After doctors crippled me and gave me a “definite” 3-
months death-sentence, I began to reject medical therapies.
Through searching and trial and error, I discovered alternative
approaches to wellness. One of my first realizations came a year

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 11

after one of my doctors severed all of the vagus nerves to my
stomach as treatment for the cancerous stomach ulcer. After the
fact, he explained that I would never be able to eat fresh raw
food again because my stomach would never again produce
hydrochloric acid. After surgery, I noticed that foods did affect
me radically. Consequently, I realized that food affects health.

When I was given the ultimate death-sentence a year after
stomach surgery and suffering with a normal cooked diet, I
experimented and ate the opposite of what the doctors
prescribed. I discovered that I digested fresh raw foods very
well, except for whole vegetables. I felt a little better.

I began to explore theories that were not embraced by the
medical profession. One theory with substantial supportive
documentation is that we are industrially, environmentally,
dietarily and medicinally poisoning ourselves into disease. That
theory generated the movements toward ecology and healthfood.
Very little contemporary scientific research has been funded to
discover the truths proposed by those movements.

We have plenty of evidence that environmental pollution is
hazardous and creates volatile toxins. We have proof that
cooking and processing alter the chemical properties of food,
destroying nutrients and creating volatile toxins. We know that
deficiencies and volatile toxins cause disease. We simply need to
connect the dots: Deficiencies and toxicity, not microbes, cause
loss of cellular integrity and degeneration resulting in disease.

Consumption of any cooked or processed food, and exposure
to pollution create toxicity, imbalances, and deficiencies. When
enough toxicity accumulates, resulting in compound cellular
damage and degeneration, disease de velops. I present evidence
on pages 153-158.

(^12) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

We experience degenerative conditions and symptoms from
accumulated toxins. For some people, a little toxicity is enough
to create disease. In weaker individuals, often the mothers had
not eaten a healthy diet and/or had been exposed to toxins,
including medication and cleaning compounds. The toxins
flowed from mothers’ blood and accumulated in the fetuses.

Toxins must be dissolved and discarded. Tests have proved
that the accumulations of the byproducts formed and released
from dissolving or discarding toxins also must be isolated and
removed. That isolation, dissolution, neutralization, secretion
and excretion of toxins is called detoxification.

Symptoms, such as nausea, vomit, diarrhea, edema
(swelling), failed appetite, insomnia, aches and pains, lethargy,
impotence, weight-loss, colds, flu, fever, and even immobility
are indications of detoxification. Detoxification is necessary to
reverse disease. It is our bodies’ way of cleansing themselves of
toxins. Swelling occurs during periods when massive toxins
inundate the blood and/or tissues, such as after injury including
poison. Swelling is a sign of increased circulation required to
dilute and remove toxins and to increase nutrients to toxic areas.

Healing follows detoxification. Proper healing is when the
body reproduces cells to repopulate areas where toxins destroyed
cells. Improper healing occurs when our bodies cannot
reproduce cells because of deficiencies. Our bodies must
relocate live or mummified cells (scar tissue) from other areas of
our bodies when our cells cannot reproduce. That process
weakens the entire body.

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 13

I tried many alternatives to medical therapies. The only
alternative that was effective and long-lasting was a particular
raw-food diet. Over many years, it completely reversed my
cancers as well as my juvenile diabetes, psoriasis, angina,
bursitis and developmental autism. I discovered that particular
raw foods and particular raw-food combinations gradually
reversed almost every disease 90% of the time as long as I did
not accept medical therapies. Although sometimes I experienced
reduction in symptoms, I observed less overall recovery when I
used medication, medical therapies or dietary supplements.
Medication, medical therapies and supplements often stop
symptoms while they further compromise and/or destroy health.
I will discuss this more on pages 159-161.

Empirical evidence proved to me that the health of an
individual depends greatly on what she or he eats and how food
is prepared and combined. The foods to eat depend on an
individual’s health-needs. Generally, each food affects the body
differently because each food offers a different formula of
nutrients. Because of our individual chemistry, some times the
same food affects individuals differently.

Over a 33-year period, empirical and scientific evidence
proved to me that raw, unheated, uncooked, non-irradiated,
unprocessed food promotes and generates good health and well-
being and reverses disease. Empirical and scientific evidence has
proved that cooked and processed food promotes disease. I am
one of thousands of people who can testify to those truths from
experience. I realized that health-giving food is raw food that is
suited for us anatomically and biochemically. I discuss which
foods are suited for us on pages 151-153. To discover which
foods reverse particular ailments and disease, read The Primal
Diet; We Want To Live, Volume 2.

(^14) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
To see several hundred testimonials go to the website:
http://www.PrimalDiet.com.
If you are interested in my journey and others’ case histories
of disease reversals with diet, and to discover specific foods that
have proved to beneficially affect an individual’s health, read
The Primal Diet; We Want To Live, Vol. 1.

All creatures in nature have thrived on the ability to grow,
propagate, and live disease-free with the ingestion of raw food
that is complete with particular combinations of enzymes,
vitamins, minerals, proteins, fats, carbohydrates and many
unidentified nutrients. Our bodies have evolved for millions of
years digesting raw foods that are complete microcosms within
themselves, resplendent in nutrients and bacteria.

The story that cavemen started a fire every time they ate is
anthropological supposition. Anyone who has lived primitively,
as I did for several years, knows that there are numerous
conditions that prevent fire-making. Cavemen had to have eaten
their meat diet mostly fireless. Prior to the importation of
German cooking cauldrons, Eskimos ate their meat raw.
Cavemen probably did, too. The Eskimo-diet was 99% animal
products^2 (fish, Caribou, seal, moose, bear, whale, etc.). Eskimos
lived free of degenerative diseases. Based on my experiences,
eating raw food was the primary factor that enabled them to stay
strong, energetic, and happy, and to live without disease under
strenuous climatic conditions.

Why did we make the transition from eating raw animal foods
to eating mainly grains and vegetables? The most plausible

(^2) Throughout this book, when I state “animal products” or “animal
food”, I mean flesh food (meat and glands), eggs and dairy products. I
do not mean food that is fed to animals.

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 15

explanation is that nomadic humans decided to settle in one
place. They overpopulated and consumed most of the animal life
around their dwellings. They had to eat something else. Rather
than leave their homes, migrate to where more meat roamed and
rebuild their villages, they found ways to utilize vegetation,
legumes, nuts and grains. They learned that cooking allowed
their digestive tracts to utilize more substances from grains,
legumes and vegetables. Cooking, however, gradually caused
health problems, including dehydration, constipation and severe
sensitivity to hot and cold temperatures. Those problems
gradually became innumerable ailments and diseases. I will
discuss more about nutrients destroyed by cooking and
processing on pages 153-157. More on disease and disease-free
living is discussed on pages 164-186.

Doctors and scientists have told people for a century that our
bodies produce vitamins and enzymes to compensate for those
destroyed by cooking and processing. They point to the fact that
when people digest cooked food, pancreatic and stomach fluids
show supplementation of nutrients destroyed by cooking.
Because of that phenomenon, they conclude that it is healthy to
eat cooked food. They have led us to believe that vitamins and
enzymes spontaneously appear, as money grows on trees.

They have not told us that: 1) eating cooked food forces our
pancreases to send hormonal and electromagnetic messages to
every cell in our bodies, 2) those messages demand that nutrients
be leeched from our cells to replace the nutrients lost during
cooking and processing, 3) our cells sacrifice their innate high-
quality supply of vitamins and enzymes to the functions of
digestion, assimilation and utilization of cooked and processed
food, 4) when our digestive systems are finished with those jobs,
we suffer more leeching because our cells must send more
nutrients to detoxify the poisons formed during cooking and
processing, and 5) those leeching processes gradually and

(^16) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
unnoticeably weaken every cell in our bodies. As a result, our
entire bodies slowly deteriorate. Disease came quickly to those
of us who were born weak and debilitated.
We must acknowledge that some people who eat cooked
foods appear and feel healthy because they utilize cooked foods
better than most people. Many people who eat cooked food,
especially our youth, progressively deteriorate but do not realize
it because they have great energy produced by hormones from
overactive glands. That means they have an over-abundance of
hormones. Much of the hormonal overproduction is from toxic
junk food full of preservatives, pesticides, herbicides, fungicides,
chemical fertilizers, hormones, antibiotics and other drugs fed to
crops and animals we eat. Those hormones are often used by
their bodies to replace the destroyed nutrients in cooked and
processed food, to stimulate energy levels, and to mask illness-
symptoms without eliminating disease. Many of those people’s
glands become too toxic, may harden later in life and/or become
fatigued. Most often, those people do not realize they are
diseased until it is too late to reverse their ill conditions easily.
At that late stage, their glands do not produce enough hormones
to carry on normal internal functions, much less utilize
hormones as replacements for destroyed nutrients.
Can We Digest Raw Food?
In discussions over the years, approximately 30 doctors
corroborated what Dr. Edinberg emphatically stated to me after
he performed stomach surgery (vagotomy pyloroplasty): That I
could not possibly digest properly because of that surgery. They
all said that because I do not secrete hydrochloric acid for proper
digestion, I must cook all food to get some value from it, even
though cooking destroys much of the nutrient value that raw
food supplies. Again, they terrorized me into believing them.
I followed their prescriptions and worsened to the extent that
I was crippled. One cooked meat meal caused pustules to appear
from my head to my waist, front and back. I noticed that if I did
not eat cooked meat, I had fewer pimples. Every time I ate
cooked or processed food, I felt side-effects; cooked meat
affected me worst.

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 17

Using various diets, I experimented with myself first, then
with animals and people. We found that raw food was, and is,
the only food we digest thoroughly and properly with out
carcinogenic toxins formed by cooking and side effects of those
toxins.^3 How can doctors and scientists hold fast to their false
beliefs and deny our testimony? How can they deny the quality
of my health when their prognosis was that I would die horribly
at least 34 years ago? How can they deny my healthy results
from eating only raw food for the last 28 years? The answers to
those questions are implied in the answers to these questions:
Who funds research and who dictates the purpose of research?
Could researchers be biased in favor of the economic gain from
the pharmaceutical and food-processing industries? They use the
example of a small portion of the population who live
satisfactorily and even happily eating cooked food and taking
their medications.

Researchers dictate what doctors believe. Most doctors,
academia and the media, accept researchers’ speculations as
truth written in stone. People have been conditioned, in the name
of “advanced” technological living, that anything “raw” or
“primitive” is bad, and that technology at any price is good. The
words “raw” and “primitive” have been propagandized to mean
unclean, gross and disease-causing. The processed-food
industry, with its well-paid scientists and marketers, and with
government help from the USDA and FDA, blurred the
meanings of the words “natural”, “organic”, “raw”, and
“uncooked”. They have deliberately confused us about what
truly gives to and takes away from our health. Empirical
evidence proved erroneous the supposition that raw food is hard
to digest and dangerous. Thousands of people and I are living
examples that raw food digests and assimilates wonderfully.

It is true that most humans cannot properly digest the leaves,
stalks and roots of whole raw vegetables, including seaweeds
and dried algae. A human is not an herbivore. The key to
digesting vegetation is to drink raw vegetable juices and
eliminate the pulp. Raw vegetable juices are our best vitamin,

(^3) Carcinogenic toxins discussed on pages 153-157.

(^18) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
enzyme and mineral supplements. More about our digestive
abilities is on pages 151-153.
A diet of mainly raw meat, raw eggs and raw dairy proved to
be safe, easily digested and the most nutritious.

Bacterial concern is a phobia that has swept the “civilized”
world. Our natural food-supply is being annihilated because of
it. We must look rationally at the bacterial issue. Consider the
fact that many tribes ate primarily unsalted raw meat, unsalted
raw fats and/or unsalted raw dairy products from the beginning.
They did not wash their hands or sterilize their food before
eating. Every form of natural bacteria, including salmonella, E.
coli and campylobacter^4 were eaten with their food, abundantly
and constantly. Why were they vibrant, healthy and disease-free
if microbes are the culprits?

From the time babies are born, they put everything in their
mouths, dirt and microbes. It is believed that babies build
immunity through small benign doses of bacteria, allergens, and
pathogens. Some scientists call this “auto-immune inoculation”.
Rather than accept the inoculation-theory, I believe that for
millions of years animals, including humans, formed working
relationships with bacteria, including “pathogens”. Those
microbes have a janitorial role in nature and we benefit from
them. When parents stop babies from putting stuff in their
mouths, they hinder the relationship with microbes and the
environment, unless of course the objects are poisonous, such as
manmade chemicals and most toys.

(^4) Three geneses of bacteria believed to cause food-poisoning. E.coli is
found in bowels and feces and unscientifically presumed to cause
death. More on pages 169-186.

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 19

Doctors told me that I was in danger of death from bacterial
and parasitic food-poisoning. I was placed in the highest “at-
risk” category. They terrorized me into believing that raw food
with all of its bacteria would kill me. They were adamant about
it. What they told me to eat did not work.

From desperation, I tried eating raw meats. Thousands of
times, I ate raw meats and raw milk that were “microbe-
infected” during my 32 years of experimentation and everyday-
life. According to the assumptions of the medical and scientific
communities, I should have suffered bacterial or parasitic food-
poisoning thousands of times. I did not. Not once. Thousands of
other “at-risk” individuals who switched to eating raw animal
products to reverse their diseases and/or to improve their health
also did not get sick.

I learned that the occurrence of diarrhea and vomit in people
who ate raw food was less frequent than in people who ate
cooked and processed food. I learned that in either case, bacteria
were found. I discovered in studies of diarrhea and vomit that
more often there were higher concentrations of bacteria in
people who ate cooked food than in people who ate raw food.
How, then, can the medical and scientific communities adhere to
the belief that raw food causes bacterial food-poisoning? Their
belief is based in fear, with no more rationale than the belief in
evil spirits that motivated the witch hunts of medieval times.

Possible metabolic and environmental sources of vomit and
diarrhea must be explored where “pathogens”^5 are found. These
questions must be asked: Are pathogens the cause or the result
of degenerative disease? Are they the cause or the cure? Is
pointing the finger at microbes a distraction from the causes of
disease? Is the pollution of our food, water and air
predominantly the cause of diseases that include vomit and
diarrhea? Are doctors and scientists using microbes as
scapegoats for the causes of diseases that we create with our
processing, medical therapies and pollution? All hypotheses

(^5) Believed to be agents capable of producing disease. “Pathogen” is
the medical term for “the bad guys”. However, in reality, "pathogens"
have a beneficial purpose.

(^20) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
must be explored by independent testing. Researchers must be
held accountable to uphold the rules of evidence without the
influence of special interests.
It is wise to know the myths as well as the truths regarding
food in our time. Then we will be free to eat with peace of mind,
joy and sensuality. Do not look to the medical or scientific
communities for information on raw food. They have been
prejudiced against it and know very little or nothing about raw
food. They study and experiment with drugs, cooked and
processed food. Although most make adamant claims against
raw food, especially raw meats, they know little or nothing about
the effects of raw food on health. I have met hundreds of
doctors. Not one had any experience utilizing a raw-meat diet. I
present more evidence on the myths and truths regarding
bacteria on pages 169-186.

In an ideal world, a recipe for health satisfies a person’s well-
being and desire for good taste. In the natural world without
pollution, animals are guided by instinct to eat raw food rich in
nutrients and bacteria. They are guided by their senses. If we
were healthy animals that allowed pure natural instinct to direct
our sense of hunger, we would eat what is best for our bodily
functions. Unfortunately, in our industrial-food, carbohydrate-
addicted, bacterial-phobic society, we eat from the muddled
combination of instinct, habituation and addiction.

I have observed and counseled many people who ate a raw
instinctive diet. I tried and enjoyed a raw instinctive diet for six
years. We ate only foods that appealed to our senses of smell,
taste and fullness. We ate a lot of fruit because sweetness
appealed to all of us. Even though we felt better in general, too
often we suffered severe symptoms, over-emotionality,
hyperactivity and irritability. Those experiences were no
different than our experiences on the standard-American diet

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 21

(SAD). We assumed that instinctive-eating was a better diet
because it was natural. When my teeth began to rapidly decay, I
began to doubt the power of food. Someone suggested that I eat
a modified raw diet that restricted high-carbohydrate food,
including carrot and sweet-fruit juices, and sweet fruit. I was
appalled at the suggestion because I loved sweet fruit.

Since I wanted to stop my tooth-decay, I tried eating a raw
diet of meat, dairy, eggs, green vegetable juices and only ½ cup
of fruit daily. The diet was not as enjoyable and I was often
nauseated for the first 3 weeks but my life gradually improved.
My tremendous anxiety over the polluted, greed-driven and
fearful structure of society and government settled. I spent more
time finding or creating solutions and less time brooding and
being ineffective. I became less sensitive to cold temperatures
and less hyperactive. My over-enthusiasm and zealousness
mellowed. I became better able to communicate, write and read.
When I ate too much fruit, I relapsed into heightened anxiety.

After a year of eating that way, I advised changes to my
clients' diets. Some clients gradually experienced the same
improvements that I had. Most of them experienced immediate
improvements. It was a wonderful leap of progress toward a
healthier, happier, disease-free life. I experimented with fine-
tuning the diet. I continually found that raw fats, especially
unsalted raw butter, are the primary substances that dissolve and
bind with toxicity, protect our cells, reverse the greatest number
and most severe cases of diseases, and deliver the greatest
strength and energy. In an ideal healthy world, we would not
need such an abundance of fat. In our civilized, polluted,
disease-ridden world, we need an abundance of fat.

Before my move away from high-carbohydrate food, I
discovered that most people do not regenerate cells to reverse or
prevent the aging process of deterioration and disease without
eating plenty of raw meat in combination with raw fats. My
experience contradicted the conditioned-thinking that meats and
fats are bad and cause obesity and a myriad of other diseases.
After my shift away from eating high-carbohydrate food, I
discovered that I healed more quickly. My clients who
implemented the changes of diet also healed more quickly.

(^22) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
It was not long after my introduction to raw food that I
became aware that our bodies have innumerable chores to
complete every minute. They eat, digest, transport, utilize and
assimilate food to energize, lubricate membranes, regenerate and
reproduce to replace dead cells. Dead cells must be collected,
transported, dissolved or disassembled, sorted through for usable
substances, and the byproducts discarded. The innumerable
enzymes and vitamins found in raw food are the helpers
necessary to accomplish those tasks. When we eat raw food, we
have trillions of helpers to accomplish all of those tasks with
little waste.
When we cook and/or process our food, we massacre our
helpers, causing our bodies to have to do all of the chores on
their own. Cooking and processing exhaust our bodies’ natural
resources. We further exhaust our natural resources trying to
clean up the toxicity after the massacre. The pancreas must
produce and discharge extra hormones and electromagnetic
signals that leech quality vitamins, enzymes, minerals, fats,
proteins, and carbohydrates from every cell to clean up the
massacre, as well as continue to perform all of its ordinary,
innumerable bodily tasks. In most people, many years of
leeching causes gradual but marked decrease in strength and
agility. That is common in our society. Leeching reduces the
ability of each and every cell to withstand the increased toxicity
that accompanies this process and produces diseases of all kinds.
A simple analogy is this: We are the mayors of a city (the
body) in which we live. We must renovate, maintain and keep
the city efficient and clean. Our enzymes are the maids,
gardeners, food-preparers, handy and craft persons, helpers and
managers that accomplish all of the chores necessary every
second. If we massacre the workers (cook and/or process our
food, destroying enzymes and vitamins), not only do we have to
clean the massacre, we must seize workers from other tasks to
do all of the chores of the city. That depletes our resources and
depresses the population (our cells). That entire process is
impossible to maintain. We cannot properly accomplish the

What’s To Discuss? L e t’s Eat! 23

chores. Pollution collects and creates a toxic environment within
the city and the city deteriorates.

Taking the analogy another step, let’s say we built New York
City (our body) from poor and poisonous materials (cooked and
processed foods). The city-dwellers, animals and plants (our
cells and microbes) are variously affected. They overproduce
waste because they are weak and lack the resources necessary to
maintain a self-sustainable environment. Grime accumulates in
the homes, buildings, streets, fields, parks and skies,
deteriorating structures and life. Now let’s say we become aware
that we built a polluted and rapidly deteriorating, diseased city.
How much time will it take to reorganize, demolish faulty
structures, load, transport and bury waste, neutralize poisonous
matter, search for and gather nutrients, negotiate, redesign,
renovate and restructure? How long will roads be blocked and
over-congested? What degree of inconvenience, pollution and
pain will residents and workers suffe r? If people had to
completely rebuild New York City, how long would it take?
Two hundred years? Five hundred?

Our bodies do not normally sustain a complete, instant
cataclysmic breakdown of organs, glands or systems as New
York City did when the Twin Towers collapsed. The body has to
take itself apart bit by bit. Bacteria, molds and parasites help
speed the process by consuming the weak or dead cells and
degenerative tissue, reducing them to lesser wastes. Viruses are
not alive. They are solvents (soaps that dissolve) pro duced
within cells to dissolve toxicity, including degenerative cells. It
is cellular self-surgery. The detoxification process is slow,
accompanied by many uncomfortable symptoms.

The work of doctors Pottenger and Howell corroborates the
results of my observations of more than 5,000 people who eat a
mainly raw diet. Our conclusion is that animals require 5
generations to reach optimal health. Since bones in humans take
approximately 7½ years to be completely replaced one time, our
bodies require approximately 40 years to rebuild themselves to
reach optimal health. Fortunately, we do not have to wait for a
pot of gold at the end of the rainbow to feel better. We improve
every year on a health-giving diet. (I outline more on health-

(^24) Volume One t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
giving foods, food-combining and daily dietary plans on pages
26-43.)
Sleep And Healing
Ninety-percent of healing that is regeneration and cellular
reproduction occurs during sleep and very restful states. Naps
are health-giving, especially when feeling sleepy or tired. A 10-
to 60-minute nap often does wonders for the body, mind and
spirit.
People who are sleepy, need sleep. Getting well and strong
depends on lots of sleep. As we get healthier and stronger, we
need less sleep. When I was recovering from cancer, especially
cancer treatments, I slept 12-20 hours each day. Now, on the
average, I sleep 4½ -5 hours each day. I enjoy excellent clarity
and stamina in my wakeful hours. Two to six days each month, I
may sleep 6-8 hours. I usually take a 10-60 minute nap
everyday.
Bowel Movements
The number and volume of bowel movements depends on the
food, health of intestinal bacteria and amount of toxins that enter
the bowels. One movement every 1 to 3 days may be appropriate
for one individual while 5 movements in a single day may be
appropriate for another individual. Frequency, volume and
consistency naturally vary and should not be a concern unless
there is considerable discomfort. If constipation is a problem, I
suggest that you eat more unsalted raw butter. Also, see pages
148-150.

Volume Two

You may have noticed that the same products of processed
and cooked foods taste exactly the same, package after package
and bottle after bottle. Processing and cooking destroy the
naturally occurring flavor-nutrients in food. Food often becomes
bitter and unappealing. Food-manufacturers must season the
food to make it appealing and habit-forming. Often, a bite of
cooked and processed food loses flavor and palatability within
five or six chews, unless it has been heavily salted, chemically
flavored or seasoned. Because processed and cooked foods do
not satisfy our nutritive needs and cause extreme toxicity, our
bodies are always unsatisfied and starving, regardless of how
full we feel. One of two extreme symptoms is often the result:
1) over-eating or 2) lack of appetite.

Most processed foods are made from spoiled, rancid, and
repulsive-tasting fruit, vegetable, grain, or animal products. For
example, most commercial tomato sauces and tomato soups are
made with spoiled tomatoes. They are full of fermentation and
molds. The tomatoes sit in open trucks in the hot sun for days,
spoiling. After the spoiled tomatoes are sterilized, they are
seasoned with chemical and/or processed flavorings to hide the
rotten taste. If we eat those sauces and soups, we eat rotten food
and chemicals.

A little spoiled raw food has been shown to be beneficial to
health, but not when processed, sterilized and eaten repeatedly.
Diets of spoiled, cooked and processed foods have proved
repeatedly to coincide with disease. We may pay twice more for
them, through loss of health and work.

(^26) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Fresh raw foods usually have delightful tastes. Some of us
have retained a degree of our natural taste instincts and easily
appreciate meaty raw foods. However, most of us live in palatal
conflict. We crave foods that are not good for us. I vowed to
resolve that conflict. I offer health-giving raw recipes that have
assisted many people with varied food preferences toward
achieving optimal health and reversing disease.
Each raw food tastes uniquely different, especially if it comes
from heirloom seed, rather than hybrid. One tomato may taste
slightly different from another tomato from the same vine.
Therefore, each time a raw-food recipe is prepared, it will have a
somewhat different flavor. This is the ultimate dietary variety,
the spice of life.
For some people, eating raw meat is nearly impossible unless
it has a familiar flavor. Therefore, most of the recipes I present
in this book are to increase peoples’ appetite for raw meat. When
I refer to raw meat, I mean flesh food, whether it is seafood, fish,
fowl, beef, sheep, venison, buffalo, pork or wild meat. Other
recipes, such as raw cheesecakes, are wonderfully delicious, raw,
health-giving sweet meals.
All recipes in this book promote better health when included
in a balanced diet. To discover what a balanced diet is for each
individual, read The Primal Diet; We Want To Live, Vols. 1 & 2.
I suggested two general dietary plans in this book, pages 40-41.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 27
x Milk and milk products should not be artificially heated
above 98 q F nor stored below 45 q F (7 q C).
x Meats should not be artificially heated above 98 q F (37 q
C) nor stored below 38 q F (2 q C).
x Eggs should not be artificially heated above 98 q F (37 q C)
nor stored below 68 q F (20 q C). Eggs lose many nutrients
when refrigerated. Eggs should not be refrigerated except
when a recipe calls for it. Recipes that contain egg should
not be refrigerated after being prepared. Most recipes will
last for 24 hours outside of refrigeration.
x Other foods should not be artificially heated above 104 q F
(39 q C) nor stored below 45 q F (7 q C).
Following are the foods that have been proved to assimilate
well in human digestion and are able to be properly utilized for
balance, growth, regeneration, cellular reproduction and
lubrication, soothing, calming, cleansing and fueling.
RAW EGGS, Free-Range, are one of the best compact foods in
nature. Eggs are the ultimate complete fast-food. However, the
protein in eggs is not utilized for cellular reproduction. They are
utilized for regeneration and maintenance and cannot be
substituted for meat except occasionally. The relationship
between raw eggs and salmonella-poisoning is a myth.^6
Eggs are remarkable for everyone, especially those who are
infirm. Three years ago, a medical doctor called me on a
Thursday evening about her 70-year-old female patient with
emphysema. She explained that her patient had been mainly
bedridden for 2 years, was on 100% oxygen and respiratory
machines. She prognosed that her patient would die that
weekend unless I could help. I told her that the only thing that I
thought might help at that late stage was eggs. I recommended
that she get her patient 10 dozen raw eggs and put them on her
bed-table. I suggested that she ask her patient to eat one as often
as she could and that there was no limit. Very early Monday
morning, I received a call from the patient. She told me that she
(^6) The Great Egg Panic by Emily Green, LA Times, Jan. 4, 2000.

(^28) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
was off the machines, out of bed and feeling stronger than she
had in years. She had eaten 66 eggs over the weekend.
If eggs are whipped, beaten or blenderized without milk,
cream or coconut cream, many of the enzymes are oxidized and
lost. Therefore, if we eat eggs alone, do not mix, beat, whip or
blenderize them. Many clients enjoy sucking them from the
shell, as I do, by poking a whole at each end. Hold the head back
and suck. Be certain to put a finger over the bottom hole when
your head returns to normal position or egg will drain. Others
enjoy eating eggs Rocky-style, that is, broken into a glass and
consumed without any other food, not whipped, beaten or
mixed. For those who are squeamish about the texture, sipping
and swallowing the egg white makes eating eggs Rocky-style
very easy and non-repulsive.
RAW FAT is the most utilized nutrient in our bodies, especially
in our toxic industrial world. It helps stabilize and relax the body
markedly when in combination with raw meat. Fats help white
blood-cell production, assist microbial activity and provide for
lubricants to accomplish a variety of functions. Lubricants
facilitate movement without frictional deterioration, protect cells
from heat, cold and caustic substances, provide hormones to
regulate activity, and, when acting in conjunction with 15%
protein and 5% alcohol formed internally from carbohydrate,
fats dissolve all sorts of toxic substances. Fats provide the
greatest, strongest and most efficient energy possible.
Before modern man encroached upon native populations,
such as the Eskimo, Masai, Fulani and Samburu, natives
consumed fat as 40-60% of their caloric intake. The Eskimo
endured the coldest temperatures. The Masai, Fulani and
Samburu tribes in Africa endured very hot temperatures. The
Eskimo, Masai, Fulani and Samburu did not suffer any heart
maladies as long as they ate their natural diet of raw meat and
raw fat, absent of sugar and cooked starches.
RAW MEAT provides easily used proteins to build, rebuild,
regenerate, and reproduce cells throughout the body. I have
observed that raw meat is the only protein that facilitates nerve-

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 29
tissue regeneration and cellular reproduction. Although all meats
help regenerate every type of cell, particular raw meats more
readily help the regeneration of certain types of cells. Red meat,
such as beef, buffalo, venison, lamb, etc., helps regenerate and
develop most glandular tissue, blood and muscle. White meat
such as chicken, turkey and other fowl, helps build and
regenerate connective tissue, nerves, lymph, skin, and tissue in
general. White meat such as nonfarmed, ocean wild-caught fish
and seafood, helps reconstitute nerves, including the brain. I
have seen that eating 1-3 pounds of raw meat daily helps
regenerate, heal the body, and reverse the common toxic
deterioration associated with aging and disease. Regarding the
ratio of red and white meat to eat for each individual, see The
Primal Diet; We Want To Live , Appendix P.
I recommend only ocean wild-caught raw fish, not farmed,
except oysters, clams and scallops. I suggest all varieties
including Swordfish, which has the highest mercury content.
When digested and made bioactive by plankton and eaten by
fish, traces of mercury are great detoxifiers of toxic mercury in
the body. Bioactive and non-cauterized mercury in raw fish
helps buoyancy of fish. When fish are cooked, mercury and
other metallic minerals become free-radicals and toxic.
I have noted in my clients, a continual rise in nausea and
vomit from eating freshwater fish, especially freshwater-caught
salmon, catfish and sturgeon. Freshwater fish have a greater
number of toxins because our fresh waters are approximately
30% polluted. Our oceans are approximately 4% polluted. I do
not eat freshwater fish unless I catch it in a non-polluted lake.
There are very few non-polluted lakes left in the USA because of
the pollution created by water-sport vehicles, agricultural
chemicals, and agricultural and mining waste.
Eating organic glands is recommended in all cases, especially
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Fibromyalgia and Lupus. To make
glands palatable, I created POWER DRINKS; pages 103-104.
When deciding on cuts of meat to eat, consider that all hunter
tribes discard the tender meats, or feed them to the elderly. They

(^30) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
have experienced that eating tender meat causes weakened cells.
The-tougher-the-meat-the-better is their motto.
FRESH, RAW, NON-PASTEURIZED, NON-IRRADIATED
GREEN VEGETABLE JUICES are important for optimal
health because they are the only nontoxic vitamin, enzyme and
mineral supplements. Vegetable juices replace the vitamins,
enzymes and minerals that are lost in daily activity. They
provide for the management of toxicity from years of eating
cooked food. They provide for proper blood alkalinity without
alkalinizing the acidic parts of our digestive tract.
Because we are constantly in accelerated detoxification due to
our toxic conditions, our blood tends to be too acidic with waste
compounds. That acidic blood-condition often causes cravings
for too much fruit and cooked starches, lethargy, irritability,
repulsion toward meats, and anorexia. Drinking green vegetable
juices 2-4 times a day, but not in combination with other foods,
helps to neutralize the acidic compounds in the blood. They do
not over-alkalinize the intestines. Most often, they eliminate the
symptoms listed above. Drinking green vegetable juices daily
ensures the replacement of the enzymes, vitamins and minerals
that are lost because of deficient soils, reduced through the stress
of food transport from the field to our dinner plates, and that
have been leeched from our bodies from years of eating cooked
foods. Several juice recipes appear on pages 54-56.
High-carbohydrate vegetable juices, such as root vegetables
(carrot, beet, potato and yam) raise the blood-sugar level too
high, making us overly emotional. Often the blood-sugar level
soars and then drops, leaving us mentally and emotionally
fatigued, sleepy, irritable and/or depressed. Therefore, it is
important to restrict the quantity of high-carbohydrate vegetable
juices. Most often, I suggest that a vegetable drink contain no
more than 10% carrot juice.
Since the USDA and FDA have worked against our health
and acted in favor of agribusinesses, they have ruined the true
meaning of organic. Now, even organic produce may contain
agricultural chemicals. To help prevent agricultural chemicals

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 31
from damaging our health, it would be best to put ½ teaspoon of
sun-dried clay into each quart of vegetable juices. The clay will
absorb most, if not all, of the toxins that may be found in the
juices. Prior to use, mix clay with water and let stand for 5 days.
UNHEATED HONEY contains an insulin-like substance that is
produced by bees when collecting nectar. That insulin-like
substance converts 90% of the carbohydrate in nectar into
enzymes that help digest, assimilate and utilize protein.
Unheated honey is a wonderful sweet food that helps digest all
types of meat. That honey is wonderful for infants, fed in small
amounts at a time.
The insulin-like substance begins detrimental alteration at 93q
F (33q C) and is destroyed at 100q F (37q C). Diabetics,
hypoglycemics and some infants cannot utilize honey if the
insulin-like substance is destroyed. Honey that is heated above
104 q F (39q C) is radical sugar that often causes slow
deterioration of membranes in the body. Honey heated above
104 q F (39q C) may cause toxicity in some infants.
CARBOHYDRATES are required for only 5% of the optimal
diet for humans. They are needed to properly utilize fat for
energy and make solvents for cleansing. The best sources for
carbohydrates are green vegetable juices and a small amount of
fruit. When we eat too much carbohydrate, we create many
conditions that diminish health. Carbohydrates such as root
vegetables, grains, nuts and seeds, and products made from
them, such as pasta, cereals, cakes, donuts, pancakes, breads and
cookies create health problems.
For example, after white man brought native people
processed and cooked breads, sugar and alcohol, natives
developed all of the diseases that “civilized” mankind suffers,
including cavities, diabetes, osteoporosis, and cancer.
Archeologists have concluded that as Native Americans hunted
less, while gathering and cultivating more nuts, grains and fruit,
they developed osteoporosis and dental decay. It seems that all
races are unable to properly eliminate carbohydrate wastes.

(^32) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Some carbohydrate wastes are called glycotoxins. One
glycotoxin, termed Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs),
was studied at Columbia University’s Department of Medicine.
Researchers found that AGEs store in a healthy body at a rate of
70%, and in an unhealthy body at a rate of 90%.^7 AGEs
contaminate the body and predispose it to cancer and molds such
as candida and other yeast infections.
If most people eat too much carbohydrate, the blood-fat level
drops, the blood-sugar level soars, and the pancreas overworks
to regulate the sugar level. That often results in manic behavior
and hyperactivity. Then that energy drops quickly and leaves us
mentally and emotionally fatigued, irritable, sleepy and/or
depressed. As happens with processed sweets, I have seen that
eating too much fruit or carrot juice causes many people to
become overly emotional. That is similar to monkeys who live
on fruit.
In this modern age, several factors are responsible for people
eating mainly grain products (bread, pasta, cereal, etc.) and
vegetables. Grain products are less expensive than meat, eggs
and dairy, and we are told that red meat, eggs and dairy cause
disease. Advertising campaigns from the processed-food
industry have contributed to the propaganda that blames fats and
meats in general for many diseases.
Contrarily, fat-free diets have caused a startling increase in
degenerative diseases in the past two decades, according to
Harvard University. Non-meat diets slow healing and
regeneration. For humans, a raw diet that is very low in
carbohydrate has proved to produce a disease-free, happy life.
A LITTLE FRUIT eaten with raw fat slows fruit-sugar
digestion and helps to prevent manic, hyperactive, irritable
and/or depressive reactions. To avoid those reactions, I suggest
(^7) Cellular Receptors for Advanced Glycation End Products;
Implications for Induction of Oxidant Stress and Cellular Dysfunction
in the Pathogenesis of Vascular Lesions , Schmidt, Hori, Brett, Du
Yan, Wautier, Stern; Review, Arteriosclerosis and Thrombosis, 1994,
Vol. 14, (10):1521-8.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 33
eating the whole fruit (except citrus rind) and rarely, or never,
consume fruit juices. For people with diabetes and glycemic
conditions, I recommend no more than 4-7 ounces of fruit,
depending on a person’s size, once every 2-3 days. As I stated,
high-carbohydrate fruit should always be eaten with a raw fat,
such as raw cream, raw coconut cream, unsalted raw butter,
avocado, or a combination of unsalted raw butter and no-salt-
added raw cheese.
Too much fruit causes over emotionality because it causes
low blood-protein and blood-fat levels, disrupts the sugar levels,
irritates tissue, and leeches fats from the nervous system, causing
lesions in the myelin. Some people should not eat fruit except on
rare occasions, such as bulimics and diabetics, and when they
do, they should always eat high-carbohydrate fruit with an equal
amount of fat. Fruit also causes edema (water retention). I have
met 8 people of 2,300 who were able to maintain health and eat
a high-carbohydrate fruit diet without ill symptoms. If you do
not get overly emotional or manic within 24 hours after eating
fruit, more fruit might be fine for you.
NUTS , when eaten plain and/or in quantity and/or too often,
cause carbohydrate toxicity. Raw nuts contain enzyme inhibitors
that prevent proper protein digestion and cause mineral loss. I
created the NUT FORMULA that neutralizes the enzyme
inhibitors in nuts. The Nut Formula should be eaten only once or
twice a week to satisfy needs and eliminate cravings for breads,
pastas, cakes, donuts, rice, etc. It helps harness and detoxify
neurological toxins. If consumed more often, especially two
days in a row, it can cause neurological detoxification that will
interfere with sleep between 12:30 and 5:30 A.M. Eating nuts
that are not in combination with all of the foods in the Nut
Formula, often interferes with protein-digestion of any food
consumed within 48 hours after eating nuts. That can make sleep
at certain hours difficult.
See Nut Formula, page 117, to learn the foods to combine
with raw nuts so that they help crea te health rather than interfere
with health.

(^34) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
OILS , such as olive and flax are 90% solvent-reactive. That is,
they are mainly used as cleansers to dissolve toxins. Our bodies
cannot easily utilize pressed oils for lubrication, relaxation and
stabilization. Pressed oils are beneficial in dissolving internal
adhesions (scars) and dead cells, including benign or malignant
tumors, and arterial and lymphatic congestion and plaque.
Pressed oils often cause dry and acrid conditions in the body. I
recommend the moderate eating of oils, no more than once a day
or every other day, and that oils be consumed mainly with one
meat meal. The body uses coconut cream the same as it does
olive and flax oils but without drying the body because coconut
cream can lubricate and soothe. Coconut cream is better.
In WW I, a Russian general recorded in his log that 3
months after his troops exhausted the raw butter supply and
resorted to consuming olive oil, the men’s hair, nails and skin
dried. The log stated that several weeks after they were able to
obtain raw dairy again, the men’s hair, nails and skin became
supple and moist.
Olive oil should never be refrigerated. Flax oil and coconut
cream should always be refrigerated. As of this publication, only
olive and flax oils are pressed below 96° F (36° C) and have not
been solvent extracted. Absolutely no coconut oil or butter is
produced under 118q F (46q C), no matter what the labels claim.
WATER that is not in raw food has no active ions, electrolytes
nor minerals bound with nutrients. It must have all 3 properties
or it is only 10% cellularly utilizable. Water leeches nutrients
from our blood and intestines, and dilutes digestive juices so that
when we eat, we do not digest or assimilate our food properly or
efficiently. That leeching often causes wastes to embed in body-
tissue rather than being discarded from the body.
It is a false notion that water nurtures and hydrates tissue. In
fact, water dries the cells while it bloats the body because 90%
of it circulates in the blood serum without cellular absorption.
That also applies to the H 2 O in cooked food. People who eat
cooked food cannot absorb much of the H 2 O into their cells.
Their cells become dehydrated.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 35
Most people who consume cooked and processed food,
processed drinks and water, evaporate 2 quarts of water during
the night. Most people who consume live raw food including
meat, milk and vegetable juices may evaporate only 2 pints
throughout the night after they have been on this Primal Diet for
several years. Water is never a good replacement for body fluids
spent during evaporation/perspi ration because cells cannot
absorb it. Only H 2 O that is nutrient bound in food properly
replaces fluids.
People believe that water lubricates the body. How can water
lubricate anything? Fats lubricate. Try lubricating devices with
water and they will disintegrate. Water disintegrates soil and
rock so that plants can eat those particles. Drinking vast
quantities of water also disintegrates the human body, causing
frequent urination, a sense of being too cold in temperatures as
high as 70º F (21º C), weight-loss in many people and bloating
in many others.
Raw food contains from 55% to 92% H 2 O that is 92-100%
cellularly utilizable. Dehydration is impossible on the Primal
Diet when water is not consumed. I drink about 1 cup of water
per week without exercise. I may drink a little more if involved
in physical activity. I recommend that people drink raw milk and
green vegetable juices and eat tomatoes to fill their H 2 O
requirements. Most often, eating raw tomatoes and raw fat
satisfies thirst and dryness, including dry mouth, better than
other foods. When physically active, I drink 2 quarts of raw
milk, 1-2 tomatoes and up to 1 1/2 quarts of green vegetable
juices per day that are all rich with nutrients to completely
satisfy my H 2 O needs. To satisfy dry mouth and severe thirst, I
consume butter and/or cream. Rather than dehydrated, we are
delipidated. That means we are deficient in the raw fats that can
properly lubricate us. Our thirst is more for raw fat than for H 2 O.

(^36) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

Combining acidic and alkaline foods often neutralizes
digestibility, resulting in toxins that deprive us of nutrients.

VEGETABLES and vegetable juices are alkalinizing and
require an alkaline digestive environment for proper digestion.
Except in small amounts as flavoring, vegetables and vegetable
juices should not be eaten or drunk with acidic foods. Bland
fruits, such as tomato and avocado are not vegetables and may
be eaten with acidic or alkaline foods.

MEAT, EGGS, MILK, CHEESE, NUTS and SEEDS require
an acidic digestive environment for proper digestion.

UNSALTED RAW BUTTER, RAW CREAM, AND
UNHEATED COCONUT CREAM are neutral and may be
consumed with either acidic or alkaline foods.

RAW MILK requires an acidic digestive environment for
proper digestion. It may be consumed at any time except within
an hour before or an hour after vegetable juices. For speedier
healing, I suggest that we do not drink so much milk that we
cancel our appetite for meat and other foods. If we experience
discomfort after drinking raw milk with other foods, it would be
better to drink raw milk alone. Drinking raw milk that has
warmed to room temperature for at least 5 hours aids digestion.
When milk is drunk cold from refrigeration, milk proteins and
sugars may pass into the blood undigested and cause allergic
reactions. If I drink cold milk from the refrigerator, I experience
stomach cramps and sometimes cramps in my hands and feet.

Concerning Vegetable Juices
x Wait at least one hour after drinking vegetable juices before
eating or drinking any other food, except unsalted raw butter,
raw cream, unheated coconut cream, and unheated honey.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 37
x Wait at least one hour after eating or drinking any other food
before drinking vegetable juices, except unsalted raw butter,
raw cream, and unheated coconut cream, and unheated honey.
Concerning Whole Vegetables (Salads)
x Rarely should we eat whole vegetables but when we do,
vegetables should not be eaten sooner than 1 hour after any
other food.
x Vegetables move through the intestines slowly. Acidic foods
will catch up with them and interfere with digestion.
Therefore, no other food should be eaten within 5 hours after
eating a vegetable salad.
Concerning Fruits
x If experiencing tooth or gum sensitivity or pain in a particular
area, do not eat high-carbohydrate fruits, especially apples
and citrus.
x Alkaline fruits, such as bananas, peaches and figs, should not
be consumed more than once a day, and should not be
consumed with meat. They should be eaten with coconut
cream, coconut, avocado, unsalted raw butter, raw cream, no-
salt-added raw cheese or occasionally raw eggs.
x Acidic fruits, such as lemon, lime, pineapple and tangerine,
may be consumed with fowl or fish when in combination with
an added fat, such as raw cream, unsalted raw butter, no-salt-
added raw cheese, coconut cream, coconut or avocado.
Concerning Meats
x Combining alkaline or acidic fruits with red meats usually
turns too much of the protein into fuel or solvents. That
reduces healing and obstructs the reversal of the aging
process. The combination is not harmful but can hinder the
healing pro cesses and instigate too much detoxification.
There is an exception: A little acidic fruit, such as lemon,
lime, pineapple and apple cider vinegar, may be mixed or
blended with fat 10 minutes prior to combining with red
meat. Example: Tartar sauce eaten with red meat.
Concerning Cheese
x Combine cheese with at least an equal amount of fat,
especially butter, to prevent constipation.

(^38) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

The Recipe For Removing Deep-Tissue Toxicity
On the Primal Diet, it is very important to gain and lose
weight to remove imbedded toxicity. Without excess fat, the
body cannot afford to make solvents, dissolve toxicity,
neutralize, harness and contain it. Low body-fat levels only
allow for basal metabolism and no deep cleansing. Most diseases
are caused by concentrations of embedded toxicity. When a
person lacks fat reserve, any toxin that enters the body or is
loosed will cause cellular damage. They will be absorbed into
cells. When a body has fat-reserves, toxins are collected and
absorbed into fat, where they do little harm.

How many thin people do we know who are calm? How
many thin people do we know who are hyperactive, physically
and/or emotionally intense, easily irritated, manic, short-fused,
and never satisfied? How many who are overweight? Physically,
raw fat and happy is more often true. Our idea about thin should
be refashioned until we become healthy. Now, fat is beautiful.

I recommend that men gain 15-30 pounds and women 12-15
pounds above what should be their normal weight (not according
to thin-fashion). The excess weight should be achieved within
two months. It should be maintained for another 2 months. That
allows the body to utilize the stored fats as solvents to withdraw
toxins from deep tissue and dissolve them. Then, it is time to eat
the weight-loss diet to remove the toxin-filled excess fats. The
process is similar to an oil-change in machinery. When the oil
becomes black and thick with waste, it is time to change it. For
the human body, I found that the cycle is best employed twice
yearly. That vastly reduced symptoms of detoxification when
detoxification occurred.

Some people have been able to gain the excess weight in as
little as 10 days but it is important to hold it for at least 8 weeks.
Some people require 2 weeks and some 3 months to lose the
excess weight on the suggested weight-loss program on page 42.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 39
The time required for weight-gain and weight-loss is individual.
Two wardrobes are needed: 1) trim, not thin, and 2) oversized.
Women should gain at least two sizes larger than their trim size.
Men and women, get a temporary belly; it is healthier on and
off!
I created the following paradigm from 35 years of experience,
experimentation and research. An optimal diet consists of all
organically grown food and generally contains:
Daily Intake: x
*** 4-6 ounces only of raw fruit with equal amounts of raw fat
consumed midday. Raw fruit should not be more than 5%
of our total food consumption.

(^40) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

(This plan consists of three meat meals daily and is better for
people with slower metabolism, lethargy and glycemic
problems, including diabetes.)

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 41
General Daily Eating Schedule Recommendations #2
(This plan consists of two meat meals daily and is better for
people with high metabolism and hyperactivity.):
x After waking, drink 4-12 ounces green vegetable juices.
x 45-60 minutes later, eat 8-14 ounces (1½-3 cups) raw meat
wi th raw egg(s) and/or 3-10 tablespoons raw butter, raw
cream, raw coconut cream, no-salt-added raw cheese with
an equal amount of butter or avocado. One or a
combination of several raw fats may be eaten at a meal,
such as in a sauce.
x 45-90 minutes later, drink a blended milkshake consisting
of 2-4 raw eggs, 3-6 ounces raw milk, 1-4 ounces raw
cream and 1-2 tablespoons unheated honey.
x At least 1 hour later, drink another 4-12 ounces green
vegetable juices.
x At least 1 hour later, eat 4-6 ounces fruit with 3-6 ounces
of either raw cream, raw coconut cream, raw butter or
avocado. You may combine any or all of the above, or you
may drink another milkshake without fruit.
x At least 1 hour later, drink another 4-12 ounces green
vegetable juices.
x At least 1 hour later, eat 8-14 ounces (1½-3 cups) raw
meat with raw egg(s) and/or 3-10 tablespoons raw butter,
raw cream, raw coconut cream, and/or no-salt-added raw
cheese with an equal amount of butter or avocado. One or
a combination of several raw fats may be eaten at a meal,
such as in a sauce.
x 45-90 minutes later, drink a blended Moisturizing/
Lubrication Formula, page 146.
x At least 1 hour later, drink another 4-12 ounces green
vegetable juices.
If you are balanced metabolically, I suggest that you alternate
those plans. The recommended daily diets above are intended to
cause the weight-gain necessary to remove deep-tissue toxicity.

(^42) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Weight-loss-Diet Recommendations
 Drink 1 cup green vegetable juices.
 When very hungry but not in a stupor or angry-hungry,
eat 2-3 golfball-sized amounts of meat (any meat that
appeals to you) with 1 teaspoon of raw butter, cream or
avocado but butter is preferable.
 When next very hungry, eat 2 golfball-sized amounts of
meat with one teaspoon of raw butter, cream or avocado
but butter is preferable.
 When next very hungry drink 1 cup green vegetable
juices.
 When next very hungry, eat 1-2 raw eggs Rocky-style.
 When next very hungry, eat 2 golfball-sized amounts of
meat without butter, cream or avocado.
That is one cycle. If the day is not over, start the cycle over.
You may eat as many cycles in a day as necessary to avoid
eating other food. I suggest that, no matter where you are in a
cycle at the end of a day, drink 1 cup of raw milk before a long
sleep-period to help relax and calm nerves. If no raw milk is
available, drink a blend of 2 ounces raw coconut cream, 4
ounces coconut milk and 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice.
Juice recipe during weight-loss cycle: 1 ½ tablespoon unheated
honey per quart as preservative, ½ small organic lemon or lime
with rind per 3 quarts green juice (80% celery, 18% parsley, 2%
lemon; percentages are by volume, not weight).
I break the weight-loss diet if I experience lasting
detoxification symptoms, such as cold, flu or severe pain. For
the recommended diet during bacterial or viral detoxification,
see page 147. During detoxification, our bodies need massive
nutrients to properly detoxify and heal.

While traveling, I always take a minimum of enough meat to
last 36 hours. That is usually enough time to get to a store,
preferably a healthfood store. For every 14 days of travel, I take
2 ½ pounds of no-salt-added raw cheeses, 1 quart of unheated

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 43
honey and 3 pounds of unsalted raw butter. Because I do not
drink vegetable juices on trips, I eat many tomatoes, drink
coconut milk, chew on celery and expectorate the pulp. Or, I
may consume 1 grapefruit per day, or eat other fruit that is low
in carbohydrate, such as cherries and berries other than
strawberries, with avocado, or butter and cheese. I never eat the
cheese without butter. I have a tendency toward constipation
when traveling. Usually, it does not bother me. Others have
experienced a similar tendency toward constipation while
traveling.
When I backpacked in Hawaii and did not have refrigeration,
I mixed 5 pounds of butter with 8 ounces (volume) of honey.
Only on the 9th day did I detect some fermentation but it was
still good and health-giving. My cheese was fine without
refrigeration.

In 1998, a grandmother brought a 12-months-old girl to me.
Three months earlier, a Pediatrician had diagnosed the infant
with anemia, retardation and oversized liver. The doctor
prescribed many supplements, including iron, and specialty baby
formulas. After three months on the prescriptions and formulas,
the infant showed signs of less strength, more irritability, mental
regression, and was unable to sleep restfully.

I placed a golfball-sized amount of finely chopped beef in
front of her and let her play with it. Within 15 minutes, she
consumed the beef. She took more from the wrapper and ate it. I
suggested that the child eat only raw beef, raw milk, unsalted
raw butter and a little unheated honey. She improved
immediately. Within 2½ months her energy level, mental
aptitude and liver were normal. Now, three years later and
mainly having continued the diet, she is very advanced
physically, mentally, socially and psychically.

For research on infant safety from drinking raw milk and the
dangers of drinking formulas, and processed and pasteurized
milks, see pages 180-186.

(^44) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

Spices in small amounts add flavor and excite the taste buds.
Eaten too much or too often, spices can cause excessive energy,
fatigue, indigestion, gas and constipation. I suggest that we stay
attuned to our bodies’ changes and the world of spices will be
pleasurable. Most spices have been irradiated. Purchase those
that are labeled non-irradiated.

As I explained on page 34, pressed oils, such as olive and
flax, are used by our bodies as cleansers. They often dry tissue
rather than lubricate it. Pressed oils, in many individuals, cause
thinning of the mucus that protects the stomach and intestinal
linings when oils are eaten too often.

In moderate amounts, mustard increases digestion. If
consumed in quantities too high for any individual, raw mustard
thins the mucus that protects membranes, and may burn the
stomach and intestinal walls. That may result in nervous erratic
energy, tense muscles or overall tension. This often causes
schizophrenic energy levels as well as exhaustion, sometimes
resulting in restless sleep. I consume mustard only to add flavor,
and never more than 2 teaspoons per day.

In some individuals, too much onion can cause results similar
to that of mustard. The too frequent combination of garlic and
onion sometimes creates similar reactions. Consuming too much
hot pepper may result in similar side-effects. Too much garlic
can cause a similar reaction in some individuals, or create the
opposite effects – lethargy and sleepiness – because it may lower
blood-pressure too much. Be aware of how these affect you.

Our bodies are always changing and adapting. When using
spices, we will gain better health if we are sensitive to our
bodies’ changing needs. Sometimes an individual may be able to
eat spicy food often but then may reach a saturation point and
have to stop consuming a particular spice for a period of one day

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 45
to weeks. Centuries ago, spices were medicine, not condiments.
Spices are potent, therapeutic and enjoyable in moderate doses
but discomforting when over-consumed or counter-indicated for
our bodies' particular requirements. They may cause indigestion
accompanied by frequent flatulence.

(^46) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
9 Hand pepper grinder.

We can blend with many tools, such as a kitchen utensil,
food-processor, mixer or blender. I use the word “blenderize” so
that there is no mistake that I use a blender. To follow most of
the recipes, you will need a blender that accommodates glass jars
because most of the recipes utilize small quantities of food.
Also, blenderizing in a common blender-bowl sucks oxygen into
the bowl and food, oxidizing and damaging approximately 30%
of nutrients. It is healthiest and easiest to use the washer,
blender-blades and base of a blender that will fit regular-sized-
mouth glass jars. As of this writing, all of the blender models
made by Osterizer , except the Classic model, fit those jars.

Simply remove the base, washer and blades from the
blender’s bowl and store bowl. Obtain regular-sized-mouth glass
jars in the following sizes: 4-ounces, 8-ounces, 12-ounces and
16-ounces.

Sometimes the washer that comes with the blender is too
thin and it will not seal properly. The washer should be at least
1/16th-inch thick, but preferably up to 3/32nds-inch thick.
Alternative washers of another brand may be obtained at most
small appliance and hardware stores. Do not use two washers
together. Too often one gets caught in the blades.

Place washer on rim of jar, then pass the blades inside jar
and rest its plate on top of washer. Ensure that washer and blade-
plate are somewhat flush with the jar’s rim, and then screw on
base firmly. Turn the jar upside down on the blender and start
blenderizing.

WARNING! Of the thousands of people who have used the
blender blades with glass jars millions of times, I received only
one report that the jar broke while it was blending. The
gentleman’s palm suffered a cut. The washer had gotten caught
in the blades and caused the jar to burst. I suspect that the jar
was cracked prior to blending. I have had the washer catch on
the blades approximately 25 times over 25 five years and the

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 47
glass never broke. Take your time and be patient. If the washer
gets caught in the blades, an unusually deep drone occurs and
most often, the ingredients spew from the base of the jar without
bursting. Turn off the blender immediately if it sounds strange.
Unscrew the base and inspect the washer; is it properly placed?
If the washer is too slippery to remain in place, wipe the rim of
jar, and rinse and dry the washer before reapplying it to the jar.
Blenderizing Recipes That Include Butter
Blender blades are made of cold metal that will cause butter
to chill and stiffen. That often causes the ingredients to freeze-up
and not blenderize. When blenderizi ng a recipe with butter that
needs to be melted, it is best to cap the jar with blender
washer/blades/base before immersing in mildly hot water. That
way, the blades will heat along with the ingredients and
blenderizing will be easy.
Making Raw Milk Into Raw Kefir Without A Culture-Additive
Let raw milk stand at room temperature in a dark cupboard.
An upper cupboard is preferable because it is warmer. It is ready
when the milk becomes thick, usually after two days. Adding 1-
2 tablespoons unheated honey help make an enjoyable kefir. If
separation of liquid and solids occurs, see making Cottage
Cheese, page 59-60.

Maintain Nutrients
I juice 92 ounces of green vegetable juices at a time for a
three-day period. As I juice the vegetables, I pour the juices into
a gallon container. After I have juiced 92 ounces (not including
foam), I place 3 ounces of juices and 4 ounces of honey in an 8-
ounces jar, screw washer/blades/base on jar. I place the jar
upside down on the blender and blenderize for 5-10 seconds to
thin the honey. I pour the honey/juice mixture into the remaining
89 ounces and gently stir. The honey helps to preserve the juices.
Then, I pour the 96 ounces into twelve 8-ounces glass jars. I fill
the jars to the top, seal with Ball- jar lids and store them in
refrigerator. There should be no more than 1 tablespoon of
airspace in each jar. My tests showed that refrigerated juices
stored that way retained 90 to 93% nutrient value in a 78-hour
period.

(^48) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 to 3 Coconuts
Choose a coconut by inspecting its shell. If you find any
cracks or dark watermarks, small or large, or black spots, it is
probably spoiled. Inspect the three small dark circles grouped
together at the top, called eyes. If one of the eyes is open or
shrunken, it is spoiled. If the coconut is without any of the
above, the odds of having a good coconut are 9 of 10.

Juicing coconuts can seem a chore but the healthful rewards
are worth the effort. We will need leather gloves that are not
heavily dyed, an ice pick, hammer, oyster knife and a juicer that
separates cream from pulp, such as a Green Star juicer.

Poke the coconut eyes until we find the eye that is soft.
Do not puncture it, yet. Puncture one of the hard circles with ice
pick and hammer. Then puncture the soft circle with the ice pick.
Pour the coconut milk into a glass. Taste the milk. If it is sour,
the coconut may be partially or completely spoiled. If the
coconut milk (sometimes referred to as coconut water) is good,
drink it when thirsty.

Don gloves. Firmly tap coconut shell all around for 2
minutes but not hard enough to crack it yet. That usually loosens
the meat from the shell. Now, crack the coconut shell, starting
from the bottom, that is, opposite from the three eyes. Hammer
the coconut into many pieces. If you find the meat yellow or
discolored, it is spoiled or partially spoiled. You can tell where it
is spoiled by discoloration on the white meat. Pry the meat from
the shell with the oyster knife. If black spots appear on the
brown skin, it is spoiled where the spots appear. Separate the
non-spoiled meat from the spoiled meat. If it is completely
spoiled, begin again with another coconut. Slice good coconut
pieces into strips that are approximately 1/4-inch thick x 1/2-
inch width and any length. OR! drop the chunks of coconut into
a food-processor and grind.

Place the coconut meat slices or ground coconut in a juicer
that separates cream from pulp, such as a GreenStar juicer,
Champion, or Norwalk. The result is coconut cream that will

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 49
thicken as hard as butter in refrigeration. Use the pulp to fertilize
a garden or lawn. Do not mix coconut milk with the coconut
cream unless you intend to drink it within 24 hours; or it will
sour. It is best to store coconut cream in many 4-ounces glass
jars. Stored in that manner, it will keep for 7 days in
refrigeration. If we blenderize 1 tablespoon of lime juice to each
7 ounces of coconut cream, it will preserve for up to 3 weeks.
Note: Since making coconut cream requires tools and actions, it
is recommended that you juice 3-5 coconuts at a time. Each
coconut renders 6-8 ounces of pure cream from a Green Star
juicer (do not include the milk from the coconut).

(^50) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
pitch from the blender begins, it indicates that the cream is stiff
and ready. Turn off the blender.

Fill an 8-ounces jar with 7 ounces raw cream. Screw on
blender washer/blades/base tightly and blenderize for 90 seconds
on high speed. Pour off whey.

Ingredients That Are In All Capitalized Letters
A capitalized word indicates that the item itself is a recipe. That
recipe must be made first, or made previously.

Quantities And Servings
Most recipes are for 1 serving. To make larger recipes,
multiply the appropriate number of servings you need times the
amount of each ingredient. If a recipe is for 2 servings and you
want to make 4 servings, simply multiply each ingredient by 2.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 51

It has been my experience that infants under 1-year old have
achieved better health when breast-fed entirely by a mother on a
healthy raw animal food diet, especially this Primal Diet. If the
mother is not on a healthy diet, I found that the infant gains
better health if fed raw milk from a cow or goat rather than
mother’s milk. The determining factor is, who eats more of a
balanced raw food diet, the mother or the animal? Generally, I
have observed that children over 9 months of age can easily
enjoy the following infant formulas/recipes. In many primitive
cultures that do not experience disease, an exclusive raw-milk
diet for babies up to 2 years of age has proved perfectly
healthful. A few tribes breast feed for up to 4 years and have
incredibly healthy childre n.

(^52) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

8 Servings

1 cup organic raw liver
1 cup raw milk
1/4 teaspoon unheated honey

Cut liver into small chunks. Blenderize all ingredients in a 16-
ounces jar on high speed for 20-25 seconds. Strain mixture
through a strainer or cloth-pouch. Squeeze pouch to speed
straining. Use nipple with large hole.

8 Servings

1 cup organic raw liver
1/2 cup raw milk
2 raw eggs
1/4 teaspoon unheated honey

Cut liver into small chunks. Blenderize all ingredients in a 16-
ounces jar on high speed for 20-25 seconds. Strain mixture
through a strainer or cloth-pouch. Squeeze pouch to speed
straining. Use nipple with large hole.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 53

2 Servings

2 ounces raw milk
2 ounces raw cream
1 raw egg
1/4 teaspoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on medium
speed for 5 seconds. No straining is necessary.

8 Servings

1 ounce fresh ocean wild-caught raw fish
3 tablespoons raw cream
1/4 cup fresh organic liver
2 ounces raw milk
1 raw egg
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey

Cut liver and fish into small chunks. Blenderize ingredients in an
8-ounces jar on high speed for 20-25 seconds. Strain mixture
through a strainer or cloth-pouch. Squeeze pouch to speed
straining. Use nipple with large hole.

(^54) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

These juices provide more than the necessary vitamin-, enzyme-
and mineral-supplementation that is necessary, they help the
functions described in their title. Read pages 30-31, regarding
the addition of clay to vegetable juices.

12 Servings

5 bunches fresh celery stalks (with leaves if not wilted)
5 bunches fresh parsley, curly or Italian
3-4 ounces unheated honey (help to preserve the juices as well
as sweeten them)

Read page 47, regarding proper storage of juices to maintain
nutrient-value.)

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 55
Helps Remove Impactions (Plaque)
From Arteries And Intestines,
Regulate Body Salts, And Increase Oxygen Absorption
12 Servings
4 bunches fresh celery stalks (with leaves if not wilted)
3 bunches fresh parsley, curly or Italian
3 medium carrots
3 ounces unheated honey (help to preserve the juices as well
as sweeten them)
1/2 -inch circular slice pineapple. dice
Blenderize diced pineapple into an 8-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Follow the rest of instructions for juicing
and proper storage of juices to maintain nutrient-value on page
47.
Helps Eliminate Toxicity From Liver, Other Glands,
Decrease Lymphatic Congestion,
Regulate Body Salts, And Increase Oxygen Absorption
12 Servings
4 bunches fresh celery stalks (with leaves if not wilted)
3 bunches fresh parsley, curly or Italian
1 lemon, juice rind and all
1 bunch fresh cilantro
2 medium raw zucchini, crookneck or sunburst squash
1 medium cucumber
3 ounces unheated honey (help to preserve the juices as well
as sweeten them)
12 tablespoons coconut cream.
Read page 47, regarding proper storage of juices to maintain
nutrient-value.)
Immediately before drinking this juice formula, eat 1 tablespoon
coconut cream, unsalted raw butter or raw cream.

(^56) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Helps Remove & Eliminate Mercury
And Other Heavy Metals,
Regulate Body Salts, And Increase Oxygen Absorption
12 Servings
3 bunches fresh celery stalks (with leaves if not wilted)
3 bunches fresh parsley, curly or Italian
3 bunches fresh cilantro
4 medium raw zucchini, crookneck or sunburst squash
(occasionally cucumber)
3 ounces unheated honey (helps to preserve the juices as well
as sweetens them)
12 tablespoons raw cream, or
12 tablespoons coconut cream, or unsalted raw butter.
Often, the body pulls heavy metals from its cells and tissues with
the nutrients in this juice. Fats must be present with the juice to
ensure that detoxified metals do not cause harm and restore in
the body. Therefore, immediately before drinking this juice
formula, eat 1 tablespoon coconut cream or butter, or drink a
little juice and put 1 tablespoons raw cream into the juice and
stir.
Read page 47, regarding proper storage of juices to maintain
nutrient-value.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 57

(Soothes nerves.)
1 Serving

1 to 3 raw eggs
3 to 6 ounces raw milk
2 to 4 ounces raw cream
1 to 2 tablespoons unheated honey

Blenderize in an appropriately sized jar on medium speed for 5-
10 seconds.

(Most often, any mixture of green vegetable juices is the best
substitute for coffee. Green vegetable juices fill the digestive tract and
blood with energy producing vitamins, enzymes and minerals, and
usually increase appetite for healthy food.)

1 Serving

4 ounces natural mineral water
2 tablespoons unheated honey
2 tablespoons lemon or lime juice
1 tablespoon raw apple cider vinegar
2 tablespoons raw cream

Blenderize all ingredients, except cream, in an 8-ounces jar on
medium speed for 5-10 seconds. Pour in cream and stir. If you
would like it warm, cap and immerse in mildly hot water for 5
minutes.

(^58) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

Fruity milkshakes make some people more emotional, sensitive,
irritable and/or sleepy. If you experience those symptoms, you would
probably do better by drinking milkshakes.

1 Serving

2 to 3 raw eggs
1/3 banana
3 ounces raw milk
1 ounce raw cream
1 pinch freshly ground nutmeg
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blend all ingredients together in an 8- or 12-ounces jar on
medium speed for 10 seconds.

Fruity milkshakes make some people more emotional, sensitive,
irritable and/or sleepy. If you experience those symptoms, you would
probably do better by drinking milkshakes.

1 Serving

2 to 3 raw eggs
1 peeled and seeded orange
2 ounces raw cream
1 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on high
speed for 10 seconds.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 59

Fruity milkshakes make some people more emotional, sensitive,
irritable and/or sleepy. If you experience those symptoms, you would
probably do be tter by drinking milkshakes.

1 Serving

2 to 3 raw eggs
4 ounces raspberries
1 ounce raw milk
2 ounces raw cream
1 teaspoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8- or 12-ounces jar on
medium speed for 10 seconds.

4 Servings

1 quart raw milk
3 ounces raw cream
1 1/2 tablespoons caraway seeds

Pour milk into a wide-mouthed quart jar, add caraway seeds
and let stand in a dark high cupboard until the liquid completely
separates from the solids (2-4 days). Pour into a cheese-making
cloth-pouch, or make a pouch from gauze-cloth or several layers
of cheesecloth. Hang and let strain until milk solids are firm but
not too dry. (Use the whey to pickle, or in place of raw vinegar
to prepare sauces and spices, or mix whey with 5 parts water and
feed to indoor or outdoor plants.)

Put firm cheese in bowl and gently stir in 3 ounces raw cream.

(^60) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

4 Servings

1 quart raw milk
3 ounces raw cream

Pour milk into a wide-mouthed quart jar and let stand in a dark
high cupboard until the liquid completely separates from the
solids (2-4 days). Pour into a cheese-making cloth-pouch, or
make a pouch from gauze-cloth or several layers of cheesecloth.
Hang and let strain until milk solids are firm but not too dry.
(Use the whey to pickle, or in place of raw vinegar to prepare
sauces and spices, or mix whey with 5 parts water and feed to
indoor or outdoor plants.)

Put firm cheese in bowl and gently stir in 3 ounces raw cream.

4 Servings

1 quart raw milk
3 ounces raw cream

Pour milk into a wide-mouthed quart jar and let stand in
refrigeration until cream separates to the top. Skim the cream off
of milk, place cream in an 8-ounces jar, cap and place cream in
refrigerator. Let milk stand in quart jar in a dark high cupboard
until the liquid completely separates from the solids (2-4 days).

Pour into cheese-making cloth pouch, or make pouch from
gauze-cloth or several layers of cheesecloth. Hang and let strain
until milk solids are firm but not dry. (Use the whey to pickle, or
in place of raw vinegar to prepare sauces and spices, or mix
whey with 5 parts water and feed to indoor or outdoor plants.)

Put firm cheese in bowl and stir in separated cream and an
additional 3 ounces raw cream.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 61

White meats are fowl, fish, seafood, pork, rabbit, squirrel and
other small animals. Red meats are beef, lamb, bison, venison,
and other large animals.

There are seven basic preparations for meat: Whole, sliced,
diced, chopped, ground, pâté, and liquefied. Each preparation
has a distinct flavor. Liquefied meats are usually for invalids and
infants. However, liquefying glands is an easy way for anyone to
eat glands. Pâté the meats in a food processor, then, using a
blender, blenderize them with an equal amount of raw milk, and
a little honey if desired, in a glass jar until they are liquid.

I have observed that most people prefer the carpaccio-style
of meat preparation, that is, meat sliced very thinly, especially
tough meats. Most butchers and restaurants freeze the meat in
order to slice it very thinly. Frozen meat does not give much
healing or cellular-reproductive support to the body. Frozen
meat produces more byproducts and toxins than fresh meat. It is
better to slice it thinly by using the slicing plate in a food
processor. Other people like meats thick and juicy at room
temperature, or ground. Taste is in the palate of the eater.

The flavors of sauces change according to whether we
blenderize, chop, crush, grate, marbleize, whip, stir or fold
ingredients. Sauces produce distinct flavors according to how we
combine them with meats. We may stir or fold in, marbleize,
pour over, sprinkle, mash into, marinate, or blend sauces with
meats. Using one sauce to blend with meat and topping it with
another sauce, gives more options and flavors. As we make
sauces with suggested alternatives, we will understand infinite
possibilities. I present one or two alternatives per meat dish; see
pages 87-113. Adventure and explore flavors as our tastebuds
change.

(^62) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Even though I have hundreds of sauce-recipes, usually I eat
meats plain. When I spice meats, usually it is a time when I am
repulsed by or bored with plain meats. If I do not eat meats
daily, after a day or two I do not feel or function as well. Sauces
help me eat meats at those times. I found that force-feeding
myself provides the nutrients necessary to live a healthier life in
our toxic world. I encourage my clients to do so, too, especially
those who are anorexic.

All of the following sauces may be used with red or white meats:
beef, lamb, venison, bison, pork, fowl, fish and seafood.

2 Servings

1 raw egg
7 tablespoons raw cream
1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger root
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey
1 tablespoon MUSTARD

Ingredients should be room temperature except mustard.
Blenderize all ingredients, except cream, together in a 4-ounces
jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Blenderize cream in an 4-
ounces jar on low speed until cream is stiff. Gently fold blended
mixture into whipped cream.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 63

2 Servings

1 tomato, medium
1/4 to 1/2 fresh hot pepper, such as jalapeno
4 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 teaspoon raw unpasteurized apple cider vinegar
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh basil
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme
1/8 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, (optional)
1 teaspoon diced fresh red onion

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl , gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Blenderize all ingredients,
except onion, together in an 8-ounces jar for 7 seconds. Stir
onion into sauce, or sprinkle over sauce after sauce is poured
over meat.

1 Serving

2 tablespoons unsalted raw sunflower seeds
2 tablespoons raw milk
3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme
1/4 teaspoon chopped fresh red onion
1 pinch ground white pepper

All ingredients must be room temperature. Warm the milk,
butter, nutmeg, onion and pepper together in a 4-ounces jar
immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for 5 minutes. When
butter is liquid, blenderize together for 10 seconds on low speed.
In another 4-ounces jar, blenderize seeds on medium speed for 5
seconds. Add seed flour to sauce and blenderize for 10 seconds
on low speed.

(^64) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 tablespoons bone marrow
2 tablespoons raw cream
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1 teaspoon chopped fresh leeks
1 teaspoon grated fresh turnips
1 tablespoon grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Scoop the marrow from bone. Warm all ingredients, except
cheese, in a 4-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly hot water for 5
minutes. Blenderize together on low speed for 10 seconds. Stir
in grated cheese.

1 Serving

4 tablespoons bone marrow
2 sugar-cubed-sized cubes fresh pineapple
1/2 teaspoon chopped shallots
1/4 teaspoon chopped bay leaves
1/8 teaspoon chopped thyme
1 pinch freshly ground mixed peppercorns
1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1 sliced fresh mushroom

Scoop the marrow from bone. Warm all ingredients, except
mushroom and shallot, together in a 4-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, in bowl of mildly hot water for 5
minutes. Blenderize on low speed for 10 seconds.

Add sauce to meat, arrange sliced mushrooms and top by
sprinkling with shallot.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 65

1 Serving

2 tablespoons walnut halves
1 egg, or 4 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon raw cream
1 teaspoon unheated honey
1/2 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme
1 slice fresh garlic

Blend walnuts in an 8-ounces jar for 5 seconds on medium
speed. Add all other ingredients and blend on low speed for 10
seconds.

4 Servings

1 cup SOUR COTTAGE CHEESE
2 ounces SPICE PASTE

Mash and stir together until thoro ughly mixed. Will keep in
refrigeration for 2 weeks.

(^66) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese
2 tablespoons raw cream
1/2 medium tomato
1 teaspoon MUSTARD
1/3 jalapeno
1/4 hot red pepper
1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh bay leaves, (optional)

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Place all ingredients in an 8-
ounces jar and blenderize for 5-10 seconds.

1 Serving

2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter, or raw cream, or raw
milk
1 egg
4 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw Monterey cheese
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves
1 diced tomato
1 teaspoon PICKLED PEPPERS (PIMENTOS), (optional)

Blenderize egg, 1 tablespoon basil and cheese together in an 8-
ounces jar on medium speed until smooth.

Slice beef thinly lengthwise, and slice again to make small
rectangles. Place meat and diced tomato in a decorative pattern
on plate. Pour sauce over meat. Sprinkle with pimentos and
remaining chopped basil.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 67

3 Servings

2 eggs
2 teaspoons MUSTARD
1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
6 tablespoons chilled unsalted raw butter
6 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
2 pinches ground white pepper

Blend all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 15-20 seconds.

2 Servings

6 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1 (or more) thin slice of a single section of garlic clove
1/8 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)

Place all ingredients together in a 4-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, immersed in mildly hot water until
melted. Blenderize on medium speed for 5 seconds.

(^68) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

2 Servings

4 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon MUSTARD
1 tablespoon grated horseradish
1/2 medium tomato
1 teaspoon unheated honey
2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil

All ingredients should be room temperature. If a thicker sauce is
desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato. Over a bowl, gently
squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds. Drink tomato juice
when thirsty. Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces
jar on medium speed for 5 seconds.

1 Serving

3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 raw egg
1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1/4 to 1/2 fresh hot pepper

Butter should be room temperature, firm but not cold. Blend all
ingredients together in a 4-ounces jar on low speed for 5
seconds.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 69

8 Servings

6 tablespoons grated fresh horseradish
3 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons raw milk
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey
1/2 teaspoon fresh raw lime juice, (optional)

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. It will keep for 2 months in refrigeration.

8 Servings

7 tablespoons grated fresh horseradish
5 tablespoons raw milk, or whey, or 1 tablespoon raw apple
cider vinegar and 4 tablespoons whey
1 tablespoon unheated honey
1 tablespoon fresh lime juice

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. It will keep for 2 months in refrigeration.

(^70) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

2 Servings

5 ounces stone-pressed olive oil
1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary
1 tablespoon finely chopped basil
1/4 garlic clove, pressed, (optional)

Stir all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar for 1 minute. Cap
and let stand in cupboard for at least 3 days. Do not refrigerate at
any time.

If you would like to flavor a bottle of olive oil, triple the
quantities of rosemary, basil and garlic, add to bottle of oil and
let stand for at least 3 days.

2 Servings

1 tomato
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon stone-pressed olive oil
1 teaspoon unheated honey
1/2 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar
1 teaspoon fresh red onion
1 slice fresh garlic
1 pinch freshly ground mixed peppercorns
1 teaspoon fresh fish eggs, (makes for salty taste), (optional)
1 teaspoon MUSTARD, or SPICE PASTE

Slice a deep and wide cut in tomato. Over a bowl, gently
squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds. Drink tomato juice
when thirsty.

Place tomato and all ingredients in an 8-ounces jar and
blenderize on medium speed for 10 seconds. If ingredients stick
to bottom and do not blend properly, remove from blender and
shake jar until ingredients unsettles at blades, replace on blender
and resume blenderizing.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 71

2 Servings

4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 raw fertile egg
1 tablespoon fresh raw lemon juice
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey
1/2 teaspoon raw unpasteurized apple cider vinegar
4 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil

All ingredients should be room temperature. Blenderize all
ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed until
smooth.

6 Servings

1 slice minced fresh garlic
2 tablespoons chopped fresh red onion
1 tomato
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
1 cup SOUR CREAM

Slice a deep and wide cut in tomato. Gently squeeze tomato in
hand over a bowl to remove juice and seeds. Drink tomato juice
when thirsty.

Chop tomato and stir/fold all ingredients together. It will keep in
refrigeration for 3 weeks.

(^72) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 ounces BECHAMEL SAUCE
1 tablespoon raw cream
1 raw egg
2 pinches ground white pepper
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Blenderize egg, cream, and pepper together in a 4-ounces jar on
low speed for 10 seconds. Add Béchamel Sauce and cheese, and
stir/marbleize. Spoon over slivered raw meat.

1 Serving

2 ounces HOLLANDAISE MEAT SAUCE, TWO
2 ounces raw cream

Blenderize cream in a 4-ounces jar on low speed until it is stiff.
Swirl/marbleize Hollandaise sauce into whipped cream.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 73

1 Serving

1 large mushroom
2 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
1 raw egg

Chop mushroom and set aside. Cut cheese into small chunks.
Blenderize all ingredients, except half of the chopped
mushroom, together in a 4-ounces jar on low speed for 10
seconds. Stir in remaining chopped mushroom.

1 Serving

1 large mushroom
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
3 tablespoons raw cream
2 tablespoons raw milk
2 teaspoons diced fresh red onion, (optional)

Chop mushroom. Blenderize all ingredients, except half of the
chopped mushroom and onion, together in an 8-ounces jar on
medium speed for 15 seconds. Stir in remaining chopped
mushrooms and onion.

(^74) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

10 Servings

4 tablespoons whole yellow mustard seeds
4 tablespoons whole brown mustard seeds
3 ounces whey or natural mineral water
3 tablespoons raw unpasteurized apple cider vinegar
1 to 2 tablespoons unheated honey

Place mustard seeds, vinegar and whey together in an 8-ounces
jar. Pour in enough whey, or water, to fill jar. Cap and let it
stand at room temperature in cupboard for 24 hours. Add honey
and blenderize on medium speed for 15 seconds. It will keep in
refrigeration for several months.

10 Servings

3 tablespoons whole yellow mustard seeds
3 tablespoons whole brown mustard seeds
2 tablespoons unheated honey
3 tablespoons raw apple cider vinegar
4 ounces whey or natural mineral water
2 pinches freshly grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon chopped fresh watercress

Place mustard seeds, vinegar and whey together in an 8-ounces
jar. Pour in enough whey, or water, to fill jar. Cap and let stand
at room temperature in cupboard for 24 hours. Add honey,
nutmeg and watercress. Blenderize on medium speed for 15
seconds. It will keep in refrigeration for several months.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 75

1 Serving

1 to 2 tablespoon MUSTARD
3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter

Vigorously stir or marbleize mustard into soft butter.

1 Serving

2 ounces pine nuts
2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 to 3 teaspoons unheated honey
1/2 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar
1/2 slice garlic, (optional)
1 tablespoon fresh red onion, chopped, (optional)

Blenderize nuts into flour in a 4-ounces jar on medium speed.
Warm butter and oil in an 8-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for
5 minutes. Add nut flour, honey, vinegar and garlic and
blenderize on low speed. Stir in onion.

(^76) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 ounces pumpkin seeds
2 ounces meat-fat trimmings or unsalted raw butter
2 tablespoons raw cream
1 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)

Warm meat-fat or butter with cream in a 4-ounces jar, capped
with blender washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly
hot water for 5 minutes.

Blenderize pumpkin seeds into flour in a 4-ounces jar on
medium speed. Add fat or butter, cream and honey, and
blenderize on low speed, for 15-20 seconds, until it won't blend
or it is smooth.

8 Servings

24 ounces raw cream

Pour cream into a quart jar, loosely screw on lid, and let stand in
the refrigerator for 1-3 months. Scoop out as you want it. When
you reach the bottom, you will find whey. Use the whey in
recipes, or dilute with 5x more water than whey and feed to
plants.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 77

1 Serving

4 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons grated no-salt-added cheese

Blenderize cream and cheese together in a 4-ounces jar on low
speed until thick and firm (10-15 seconds).

1 Serving

2 ounces pecan halves
1 egg
2-4 tablespoon chopped fresh red onion
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
1 pinch freshly ground coriander seeds
1 pinch freshly ground mixed peppercorns
2 ounces meat-fat trimmings or unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon stone-pressed olive oil
2 tablespoons unheated honey

Blenderize pecans in an 8-ounces jar until they are flour. Add
egg, nutmeg, coriander, peppercorns, fat or butter, oil and honey,
and blenderize on medium speed for 15 seconds. Add sauce to
meat and top with chopped red onion.

(^78) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

8 Servings

2 whole cardamon seeds
1 teaspoon coriander seeds
1 teaspoon whole allspice
1/2 cinnamon stick
1 shallot
1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
1 teaspoon mixed peppercorns
1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds
2 pistils of saffron
1 fresh hot pepper
5 ounces stone-pressed olive oil

If you enjoy a less hot paste, remove seeds from fresh hot
pepper. Blenderize all ingredients, except fresh hot pepper and
shallot, together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 5
seconds and on high speed for another 5 seconds.

Add and blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on
medium speed for 20 seconds. Cap and let stand in cupboard for
24 hours, then use or refrigerate. Paste will keep in refrigeration
for approximate 3 months.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 79

2 Servings

6 ounces unsalted raw butter, or olive oil, or flax oil
1 slice garlic clove
1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger root
1 pinch turmeric
1 pinch freshly ground cardamon seed
1 pinch freshly ground cloves
1 pinch nutmeg, freshly ground
1 teaspoon fresh red onion, (optional)

Warm butter in an 8-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for
5 minutes. Blenderize all ingredients together on medium speed
for 15 seconds.

If using oil, there is no need to immerse in hot water before
blenderizing.

ALTERNATIVE: Stir in onion after blenderizing all other
ingredients together.

(^80) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

4 Servings

2 tomatoes
6 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 whole cardamon seed
1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/4 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root
1/4 teaspoon fenugreek seeds
1 whole clove
1/4 inch cinnamon stick
1/4 teaspoon whole allspice
1 slice fresh garlic clove
1/2 teaspoon fresh red onion
1 pinch paprika
3 whole mixed peppercorns
1 pinch grated nutmeg
1/4 fresh hot red pepper
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize cardamon, coriander, fenugreek, clove, cinnamon,
allspice and peppercorns together in a 4-ounces jar until they are
flour.

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Blenderize all ingredients
together in a 12- or 16-ounces jar for 15 seconds. Let stand for at
least 10 hours. Sauce will keep in refrigeration for at least 1
month.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 81

1 Serving

2 ounces walnut halves
1/4 stalk celery
1/2 teaspoon fresh ginger root
3 tablespoons coconut cream
1/2 tablespoon unheated honey
1 tablespoon chopped Thai basil, or mint leaves, (optional)
½-4 tablespoons fresh hot peppers (authentic Thais make it so
hot their noses perspire while they eat).

Blenderize celery and ginger together and strain out pulp. Warm
coconut cream in a 4-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for
5 minutes.

Blenderize walnuts in an 8-ounces jar until they are flour. Add
juices, honey and coconut cream and blenderize all ingredients
together on medium speed for 10 seconds. If ingredients stick to
bottom while blending, remove from blender and shake loose,
then resume blending.

ALTERNATIVE 1: Rather than blenderize basil into sauce,
cover meat with sauce and top with sprinkled basil.

ALTERNATIVE 2: Stir all ingredients together for 1 minute
rather than blenderizing.

(^82) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

3 tablespoons room-temperature soft raw unsalted butter
1 teaspoon grated horseradish, or HORSERADISH recipe
1/2 tomato
1 teaspoon unheated honey
2 tablespoons olive oil

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty.

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds.

ALTERNATIVE 1: Blenderize all ingredients, except mustard,
together on medium speed for 10 seconds. Stir-marbleize
mustard into sauce.

ALTERNATIVE 2: Blenderize all ingredients, except tomato,
together in a 4-ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Dice
tomato and fold into sauce.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 83

1 Serving

1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill weed
4 tablespoons coconut cream
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon fresh lime juice
1 tablespoon chopped PICKLE

All ingredients must be room temperature except dill. Finely
chop dill. Blenderize all ingredients, except pickles together, in a
4-ounces jar on low speed for 10 seconds. Add and stir in
pickles. Eat with meat, or marinate at room temperature for 1
hour to enhance flavors.

2 Servings

2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon unheated honey
6 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1 raw egg
2 tablespoons fresh dill weed
1 tablespoon finely diced fresh red onion, (optional)
1 tablespoon chopped PICKLE

All ingredients must be room temperature except dill. Finely
chop dill. Blenderize all ingredients, except onion and pickle,
together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Stir
in chopped onion and pickle. Pour on meat. Eat, or marinate at
room te mperature for 4 hours.

(^84) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 ounces cherry tomatoes
1 tablespoon stone-pressed olive oil
1 raw egg
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1/2 tablespoon fresh red onion
1 slice fresh garlic

Blenderize all ingredients in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed
for 10 seconds.

4 Servings

2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1 1/2 teaspoons unheated honey
3/4 cup cherry tomatoes
1 teaspoon vinegar
2 tablespoons olive oil
1/2 -inch cube of no-salt-added raw Monterey cheese
1 teaspoon fresh red onion, (optional)
1 slice fresh garlic, (optional)

Cut cheese into thin slices. Blenderize all ingredients together in
a 12-ounces jar on high speed for 10-15 seconds. This dressing
will keep in refrigeration for several weeks in closed jar.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 85

1 Serving

2 tablespoons raw cream
1/2 diced tomato
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1 -inch cube of no-salt-added raw cheese
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Blenderize all ingredients,
except grated cheese, together in a 4-ounces jar on low speed for
10 seconds. Pour over meat and top with sprinkled grated
cheese.

1 Serving

1/2 tomato
4 tablespoons raw unsalted butter, (or stone-pressed olive
oil)
1/2 -inch cube of no-salt-added raw cheese
1 slice fresh garlic
1/2 to 1 tablespoon chopped fresh red onion
Favorite fresh herbs to your taste , (optional)

All ingredients should be room temperature. If a thicker sauce is
desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato. Over a bowl, gently
squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds. Drink tomato juice
when thirsty. Warm butter in an 8-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of warm water
until butter melts. Add rest of ingredients to jar and blenderize
on medium speed for 10 seconds.

(^86) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

4 Servings

6 tablespoons grated fresh wasabe or horseradish
2 ounces natural mineral water, or whey
1 teaspoon unheated honey
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
1/3 avocado
1/4 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar

Blenderize all together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for
15 seconds.

1 Serving

1 raw egg
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
2 tablespoons raw cream
1 pinch grated nutmeg
2 pinches ground white pepper

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 4-ounces jar on low
speed for 10-15 seconds.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 87

Beef, lamb, venison, buffalo, pork and wild meat. Any meat,
including fowl, fish or seafood may be substituted for the
specified meat in the recipe.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces raw meat (beef, lamb, fowl, seafood)
2 to 3 ounces CHEESY SPICED PASTE

Chop meat into bite-sized pieces.
Spread paste on plate and cover with chopped meat.

ALTERNATIVE: Cut meat into strips and spread paste on
strips.

(^88) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

1/4 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey
1/4 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root
1/2 freshly ground clove
5 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
3 seedless raisins
1 slice crushed fresh garlic
1 pinch freshly ground peppercorns
5 to 8 ounces lamb

Warm all ingredients, except ginger and meat, in a 4-ounces jar,
cap with blender washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of
mildly hot water. When butter has completely melted, blenderize
on medium speed for 10 seconds. Add and stir in ginger.

Prepare lamb as you wish and add or cover with sauce.

ALTERNATIVE 1: Replace butter with stone-pressed olive oil.

ALTERNATIVE 2: Reduce unsalted raw butter to 2 1/2
tablespoons and add 2 1/2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 89

1 Serving

4 tablespoons pumpkin seeds
4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 slice fresh garlic
5 to 8 ounces ground beef
1 teaspoon diced red onions
1 egg

Blenderize seeds in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 5
seconds. Warm butter and garlic in a 4-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, immersed in a bowl of mildly hot
water for 5 minutes. Blenderize butter and garlic on low speed
for 5 seconds. Pour butter/garlic into seed flour in an 8-ounces
jar, stir and blenderize on medium speed for 5 seconds. Place
meat and all ingredients into food processor and blend until they
are paste.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces chopped beef
1 slice minced garlic
3 chopped mushrooms
2 chopped chives
5 tablespoons SOUR CREAM or SOUR CREAM QUICK

Stir garlic and sour cream together. Lay bed of mushrooms,
cover with meat, top with sour cream and sprinkle with chives.

(^90) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh bay leaves
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 slice minced or crushed fresh garlic, (optional)
1 teaspoon chopped fresh red onion, (optional)
5 to 8 ounces meat (beef, lamb, fowl, seafood)
1 mushroom

Vigorously stir olive oil, bay, basil, onion and garlic together for
1 minute.

Slice meat into thin luncheon meat-sized slices in food processor
with slicing plate. In a covered bowl at room-temperature,
marinate meat slices in sauce for 1 to 3 hours.

Spread meat and sauce on plate and sprinkle with cheese and top
with parsley.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 91

1 Serving

1 to 2 tablespoon SPICE PASTE
1 teaspoon red onions
1/2 teaspoon fresh hot pepper
1/2 teaspoon freshly grated fresh ginger root
1 pinch freshly ground cardamon seed
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/4 red, yellow and/or green bell pepper
5 to 8 ounces fresh beef

Mash paste, pepper, ginger, cardamon and lemon together in a
cup.

Cut meat into chunks and place in food processor. Add all
ingredients and blend all together for 10 seconds.

(^92) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces lamb shanks
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 teaspoon bone marrow
3 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 to 2 tablespoons grated raw unsalted Monterey cheese
1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil, (optional)
1 teaspoon chopped fresh bay leaves, (optional)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 spear asparagus
1 teaspoon chopped red onions, (optional)
1 slice minced fresh garlic, (optional)

Scoop marrow from shank bone. Warm butter, oil, basil and/or
bay leaves and garlic together in a 4-ounces jar, capped with
blender washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly hot
water for 5 minutes. When butter has melted, blenderize
ingredients for 5 seconds at medium speed.

Slice lamb into strips. Dice asparagus. In a covered bowl at room
temperature, marinate lamb strips and asparagus in sauce for 1-3
hours. Spread marinated ingredients on plate and top with
cheese, onion and parsley.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 93

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces organic raw liver
1 to 3 tablespoons red onions, (optional)

Cut liver into small chunks. Put liver and onion in food
processor and blend together for 20-30 seconds.

1 Serving

2 to 4 tablespoons raw sunflower seeds
5 to 8 ounces organic raw liver
1 to 3 tablespoons red onions, (optional)

Blenderize sunflower seeds in a 4-ounces jar on medium speed
for 10 seconds. Cut liver into small chunks. Put all ingredients in
food processor and blend together for 20-30 seconds.

(^94) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter, (may substitute stone-
pressed olive oil)
1 slice fresh garlic
1/4 red bell pepper
1 1/2 -inch cube no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
5 to 8 ounces raw meat (beef, lamb, fowl, seafood)

Grate a portion of room-temperature cheese and set aside. Slice
remaining cheese thinly. Warm cheese slices, garlic and room-
temperature butter in a 4-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly hot water for 5
minutes. When butter is completely melted, blenderize
ingredients until smooth.

Cut 1/8 bell pepper into circular slices. Chop remaining 1/8 bell
pepper. Slice meat thinly lengthwise. Arrange meat on plate in
overlapping circular pattern. Pour sauce over meat. Cover with
slices of bell pepper like spokes of a wheel. Sprinkle grated
cheese on top. Finish by sprinkling with chopped bell pepper.

1 Serving

4 to 5 ounces NUT BUTTER
5 to 8 ounces raw meat (beef, lamb, fowl, seafood)
1/4 quarter of a zucchini or cucumber, or combination

Make nut butter of choice.

Slice zucchini and/or cucumber circularly and place on plate in
circle. Slice meat into thin strips and place inside squash circle.
Pour nut butter over meat.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 95

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces raw sirloin steak, or New York steak
2 tablespoons red onions
1 to 3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 raw egg
1 teaspoon raw MUSTARD
2 pinches freshly ground caraway seeds
2 pinches freshly ground mixed peppercorns
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)
1 teaspoon horseradish, (optional)
1 sprig parsley or cilantro

Cut steak into cubes. Blend meat and all ingredients together in
food processor for 5-15 seconds, depending on the desired
consistency.

(^96) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

Chicken, turkey, duck and wild birds. Any meat may be
substituted for the specified meat in the recipe.

1 Serving

2 tablespoons refrigerated unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon refrigerated raw cream
1 chilled raw egg (keep refrigerated for 2 hours)
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
1 pinch fresh ground mixed peppercorns
5 to 8 ounces raw chicken
1/2 diced tomato

Blenderize egg, nutmeg, pepper, chilled butter and cream in a 4-
ounces jar on low speed for 4-6 seconds.

Dice chicken. Fold sauce with chicken and top with diced
tomato.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 97

1 Serving

5 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1 -inch cube sliced no-salt-added raw cheese
1/4 to 1 fresh hot pepper
1 teaspoon fresh red onion, (optional)

Blenderize all ingredients, except chicken, together in a 4-
ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Slice chicken into
narrow strips, baste and marinate for 20-60 minutes.

ALTERNATIVE: Instead of blenderizing onion, dice and gently
stir into sauce before basting and marinating chicken.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces raw chicken
1 tablespoon diced cucumbers
1 tablespoon chopped summer squash
1 tablespoon PICKLED PEPPERS (PIMENTOS)
3 tablespoons MAYONNAISE

Place chicken in food processor, blend for 5-7 seconds and place
in bowl. Add all other ingredients and gently fold into ground
chicken.

(^98) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 to 3 ounces ground or diced raw chicken
3 to 5 ounces diced beef
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw Monterey cheese
1 serving MUSTARD BUTTER

Fold meats and mustard/butter together and top with cheese.

1 Serving

2 tablespoons SOUR CREAM or SOUR CREAM QUICK
1/2 diced tomato
1/2 teaspoon finely chopped bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon finely chopped thyme
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground mixed peppercorns
1/4 crushed fresh garlic clove
1/2 teaspoon chopped parsley
5 to 8 ounces raw chicken

Place chicken in food processor and blend for 10 seconds.
Spread a thick layer of chicken on plate. Gently stir garlic and
sour cream together. Spread layer of sour cream over meat.
Spoon tomato over sour cream and sprinkle with ground
peppercorns, bay, thyme and parsley, in that order.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 99

1 Serving

6 ounces chopped or ground raw chicken
3 tablespoons SOUR CREAM
1 egg
1 red hot pepper
3 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Blenderize egg, pepper, cheese and sour cream together in an 8-
ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Fold sauce into
chicken.

ALTERNATIVE: On a plate, form chicken into a plateau,
indent and fill with sauce.

1 Serving

3 tablespoons soft unsalted raw butter
1 pinch black pepper, (optional)
1 section fresh orange
1 tablespoon unheated honey
1/4 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
1 fresh mint leaf
5 to 8 ounces raw duck

Blenderize all ingredients, except duck and mint, in a 4-ounces
jar on high speed for 5 seconds.

Chop duck into small pieces. Cover with orange glaze. Marinate
for 2 hours

Finely chop mint leaf and sprinkle over glaze.

(^100) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

6 ounces raw chicken, dice
4 walnut halves
2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
2 tablespoons raw cream
1 tablespoon finely chopped oregano
1 slice minced garlic clove

Blenderize walnuts into flour in a 4-ounces jar on high speed for
5 seconds. Add all ingredients, except chicken, and blenderize
on low speed for 15 seconds. Spread over chicken. Eat
immediately or marinate for 45 minutes.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 101

1 Serving

1 tomato
1 fresh hot pepper
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1/2 teaspoon vinegar
5 to 8 ounces skinned, boned, diced chicken breast
1/4 diced red bell pepper
1/4 stalk diced celery
1 slice avocado, or
1 raw egg
1 tablespoon diced red onions
1 sprig cilantro, (optional)

Slice a deep and wide cut in tomato. Over a bowl, gently
squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds. Drink tomato juice
when thirsty. Blenderize tomato, pepper, vinegar, and lime juice
together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 5-10 seconds.
Pour sauce over chicken in a bowl, fold together and marinate
for 45 minutes. Top with other ingredients and eat from bowl.

ALTERNATIVE: Spoon chicken on to plate, cover with sauce
and spread remaining ingredients on top.

(^102) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces skinned, boned, diced chicken breasts
1 raw egg
4 to 5 ounces NUT BUTTER made with peanuts
1 inch section chopped celery stalk
1 tablespoon chopped fresh arugula leaves

Gently whip raw egg, peanut butter, celery and arugala together
in a small bowl. Fold chicken into whipped mixture. Spoon
spiced chicken on to plate. Pour remaining sauce in bowl over
chicken.

ALTERNATIVE: Gently whip raw egg, peanut butter and
celery together in a small bowl. Spread chicken on plate, cover
with sauce and top with arugala.

1 Serving

3 ounces COCONUT CREAM
1/2 to 1 diced tomato
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
5 to 8 ounces fresh raw chicken

Stir coconut cream and lime juice together, and let stand for 10
minutes.

Dice meat. Place chicken, lemon juice and tomato in a bowl and
fold gently together. Top with coconut/lime sauce. Eat
immediately or let marinate 2 hours before topping with
coconut/lime sauce.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 103

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces turkey
1 to 2 raw eggs
1 to 2 tablespoons MUSTARD, and/or HORSERADISH
1 tablespoon diced red onions
1/2 diced tomato

Place turkey in food processor and blend for 20 seconds. Mash
turkey down into food processor and add egg(s) and mustard
and/or horseradish and blend for 10 seconds more. Put into bowl
or on plate and cover with tomato and onion.

ALTERNATIVE: When adding egg and mustard, or egg and
horseradish to food processor, add tomato and onion. Blend for
10 seconds.

1 Serving

4 to 8 ounces organic raw liver
4 to 8 ounces raw milk
1 tablespoon unheated honey, (optional)

Cut liver into small chunks. Blenderize all ingredients together
in a 12- or16-ounces jar on high speed for 20 seconds.

(^104) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

4 to 8 ounces organic raw liver
4 to 8 ounces raw milk
1 to 2 tablespoons red onions, (optional)

Cut liver into small chunks. Blenderize all ingredients together
in a 12- or16-ounces jar on high speed for 20 seconds.

1 Serving

2 tablespoons organic raw liver
1 tablespoon organic raw thyroid gland
1 tablespoon organic raw testis or ovary
2 tablespoons organic raw lung
1 tablespoons organic raw brain
1 tablespoon organic adrenal gland
4 ounces raw milk
1 to 2 tablespoons red onions

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on high
speed for 20 seconds.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 105

1 Serving

1 ounce banana or pineapple
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
1 raw egg
1/4 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)
1 drop organic vanilla extract, (optional)

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 4-ounces jar on high
speed for 10 seconds.

1 Serving

1 tablespoon coarsely grated fresh ginger root
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1 tablespoon unheated honey
2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter, room temperature

Vigorously stir butter and all other ingredients together.

(^106) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

4 Servings

2 tomatoes
6 tablespoons flax oil
3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 whole cardamon seed
1/4 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/4 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root
1/4 teaspoon fenugreek seeds
1 whole clove
1/4 inch cinnamon stick
1/4 teaspoon whole allspice
1 slice fresh garlic clove
1/2 teaspoon red onions
1 pinch paprika
3 whole mixed peppercorns
1 pinch grated nutmeg
1/4 fresh hot red pepper
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize cardamon, coriander, fenugreek, clove, cinnamon,
allspice and peppercorns together in a 4-ounces jar on high
speed until they are flour.

If a thicker sauce is desired, slice a deep and wide cut in tomato.
Over a bowl, gently squeeze tomato to remove juice and seeds.
Drink tomato juice when thirsty. Blenderize all ingredients
together in a 12- or 16-ounces jar on medium speed for 15
seconds. Let stand for at least 10 hours. Sauce will keep in
refrigeration for at least 1 month.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 107

Any fish, seafood or fowl may be substituted for the specified
meat in the recipe.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw fish
3 to 4 ounces fresh lemon or lime juice
1/2 to 1 diced fresh tomato
4 to 6 tablespoons flax oil, or stone-pressed olive oil
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro
1 tablespoon chopped red onion, (optional)
1 slice minced fresh garlic, (optional)

Dice fish and marinate in lemon or lime juice for 20 minutes to
24 hours in a jar or bowl.

Stir oil, onion and garlic together for 1 minute. Pour off lemon
or lime juice from fish. Pour oil mixture over fish. Top with
diced tomato.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces Escolar fish
1/2 diced tomato
2 tablespoons fresh lime or lemon juice
1 tablespoon diced apples
1 teaspoon diced red onion, (optional)
1 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)

If using honey, mix lime or lemon juice with honey until honey
is dissolved. Stir tomato, apple and onion together and spoon
over fish. Marinate for 10-40 minutes.

(^108) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw salmon
3 tablespoons lemon or lime juice
1/8 to 1/2 hot pepper
3 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
2 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese

Warm lemon and lime juices, hot pepper and soft butter together
in a 4-ounces jar, capped with blender washer/blades/base,
immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for 5 minutes.
Blenderize on medium speed for 10 seconds. Pour mixture over
salmon and top with grated cheese.

1 Serving

1 serving PASTA SUBSTITUTE
3 oysters
2 mushrooms
2 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1 1/2 -inch cube raw unsalted Monterey or Muenster cheese
1 slice red or white onion
2 tablespoons fresh sweet red pepper, (optional)

Make PASTA SUBSTITUTE (see recipe). Blenderize 1 1/2
oysters, 1 mushroom, butter, 1/2 of the cheese, 1/2 of the onion
and 1/2 of the red pepper together in an 4-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Dice remaining oysters, mushrooms and
onion. Fold diced ingredients together with sauce and pour over
PASTA. Grate remaining cheese. Top dish with grated cheese.

ALTERNATIVE: Follow recipe above but do not blenderize
onion in sauce. Chop onion and fold into sauce.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 109

1 Serving

5 fresh oysters
2 mushrooms
5 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
6 tablespoons grated no-salt-added raw cheese
1 teaspoon chopped red onions
1 to 2 circular slice(s) fresh sweet red peppers, (optional)

Blenderize 1 1/2 oysters and butter in a 4-ounces jar on high
speed for 10 seconds.

In a food processor, chop with pulse-action the sweet pepper,
mushrooms and remaining oysters. In a serving bowl, fold all
ingredients, except cheese, together.

Sprinkle a bed of cheese evenly over plate. Spoon
oyster/pepper/mushroom mixture evenly over cheese. Top with
oyster/butter sauce.

(^110) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces salmon, chopped, bite-sized pieces
6 to 9 tablespoons fresh lemon or lime juice
1/2 cup finely chopped fresh parsley

Marinate fish in juice for at least 20 minutes at room
temperature. Place fish on plate and sprinkle with parsley.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh shrimp
1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root
1 teaspoon chopped red onions, (optional)
1/4 to 1/2 finely chopped fresh hot pepper
1/3 partially ripe papaya
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley

Sprinkle ginger over papaya and mash together until saucy, or
chop papaya and blenderize with ginger in a 4-ounces jar on
high speed for 5-10 seconds.

Stir in pepper and onion. Spoon over shrimp and top by
sprinkling with parsley.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 111

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw salmon
1 tablespoon slivered shallots
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 sliced mushroom
1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill
1 egg
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
1/4 to 1/2 chopped fresh hot pepper

Blenderize egg, chilled butter, dill, and lemon juice together in a
4-ounces jar on high speed for 5 seconds.

Cut salmon into strips and arrange in circular pattern on plate.
Cover with blended mixture. Arrange shallot slivers on top and
sprinkling with chopped hot pepper.

1 Serving

1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root
1 teaspoon WASABE, or HORSERADISH
3 tablespoons flax oil
1 tablespoon very soft unsalted raw butter
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)
5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw fish

Vigorously stir all ingredients together, or blenderize in a 4-
ounces jar on low speed for 5 seconds. Spoon over fish.

(^112) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh Swordfish
4 tablespoons fresh lemon or lime juice
1 fresh hot pepper (like jalapeno)
2 ounces stone-pressed olive oil
small assortment of herbs or lettuce

Grate and finely chop pepper. Stir juice, olive oil and pepper
together for 1 minute. Slice swordfish into strips. Arrange fish in
a pattern on plate. Pour oil/juice/pepper mixture over fish.

1 Serving

3 ounces COCONUT CREAM
1/2 to 1 diced tomato
3 to 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice
5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw fish

Stir coconut cream and lime juice together and let stand for 10
minutes.

Dice meat. Place fish and tomato in a bowl. Pour coconut/lime
sauce over fish and tomato and fold gently together. Eat
immediately or let marinate for up to 8 hours.

ALTERNATIVE: Substitute 1/3 cup pineapple for tomato.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 113

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces fresh ocean wild-caught raw fish
4 to 6 tablespoons fresh lemon or lime juice
2 to 4 tablespoons flax oil, or stone-pressed olive oil
1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, (optional)
2 tablespoons chopped PICKLED GINGER

Dice fish and marinate in lemon or lime juice for 20 minutes or
up to 24 hours. Pour off juice.

Stir oil, soft butter and ginger together for 1 minute and pour
over fish. Top with chopped mint.

ALTERNATIVE: Use all oil, or all butter, or varying amounts
of oil and butter.

** SOUP **^

1 Serving

3 to 5 ounces chopped raw chicken
1 1/2 to 2 tomatoes
2 drops organic vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons raw apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon unheated honey
2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil

Place all ingredients into food processor and blend for 5 seconds.
Pour into bowl.

(^114) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces raw chicken
1 tablespoon chopped watercress
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 slice red onion, or shallot, or coarsely chopped chives
3 ounces raw milk
2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil
1 pinch freshly ground mixed peppercorns

Warm butter, oil, milk and watercress in an 8-ounces jar, capped
tightly and immerse jar in a bowl of mildly hot water until butter
completely melts.

Place all ingredients, including chicken, in food processor and
blend for 10-15 seconds.

If you would like warm soup, place soup in a 16-ounces jar, cap
and immersed in bowl of mildly hot water for 10 minutes.

1 Serving

5 to 8 ounces raw chicken
1 egg
1/4 teaspoon raw apple cider vinegar
1 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)
1 tablespoon stone-pressed olive oil
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
4 tablespoons raw milk
2 tablespoons raw cream
1 tablespoon SPICE PASTE
1 tablespoon raw sunflower seeds

Add all ingredients to food processor and blend for 5-10
seconds. Pour into bowl.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 115

1 Serving

1 1/2 to 2 tomatoes
2 drops organic vanilla extract
1 1/2 teaspoons raw apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon unheated honey
2 tablespoons stone-pressed olive oil

Place all ingredients into food processor and blend for 5 seconds.
Pour into bowl.

1 Serving

2 tablespoons whole sprouting lentils, do not sprout
3 ounces natural mineral water
1 tablespoon sunflower seeds
1 ounce raw milk
2 ounces raw cream
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1 raw egg
1 slice fresh garlic
1 teaspoon unheated honey

Place lentils in a 4-ounces jar and fill jar to top with water. Place
in cupboard and let stand for 24 hours. Drain off water and
blenderize for 4 seconds.

Blenderize sunflower seeds in another 4-ounces jar on high
speed for 5 seconds. Blenderize all ingredients, except 1/2 of the
ground lentils, into a 12-ounces jar on medium speed for 20-30
seconds. Stir in remaining ground lentils.

If you prefer warm soup, put a tight lid on jar and immerse in
mildly hot water for 10 minutes.

(^116) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 tablespoons whole sprouting peas, do not sprout
3 ounces natural mineral water
1 tablespoon sunflower seeds
1 ounce raw milk
2 ounces raw cream
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1 raw egg
1 slice fresh garlic
1 teaspoon unheated honey

Place peas in a 4-ounces jar and fill jar to top with water.
Place in cupboard and let stand for 24 hours. Drain off water and
blenderize for 4 seconds.

Blenderize sunflower seeds in another 4-ounces jar on high
speed until they are flour. Blenderize all ingredients in a 12-
ounces jar and blenderize on medium speed for 15-20 seconds.

If you prefer warm soup, put a tight lid on jar and immerse in
mildly hot water for 10 minutes.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 117

1 to 2 Servings

2 to 4 ounces raw pecans or walnuts, pine or hazel nuts,
sunflower or pumpkin seeds, or peanuts
4 to 8 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 to 2 raw egg
1 ½ to 2 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize nuts in an 8- or 12-ounces jar on high speed until
they are flour. Add remaining ingredients and stir. Blenderize on
medium speed for 20-25 seconds, until smooth.

ALTERNATIVE: Substitute coconut cream for butter.

(^118) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

3 ounces raw sunflower seeds
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey
1 raw egg
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter

Blenderize sunflower seeds in an 8-ounces jar on high speed for
5-10 seconds. Add butter, honey and egg, and stir together.
Blenderize on medium speed for 15 seconds.

Spread mixture evenly on plate and let stand in refrigerator for 2
hours. Cover with any sauce.

1 Serving

3 tablespoons soft unsalted raw butter
1/4 to 1/2 fresh hot pepper
1/4 tomato
2 tablespoons grated Monterey Jack cheese
1 slice fresh garlic, (optional)
1 tablespoon red onions, (optional)
1 serving PASTA SUBSTITUTE

Blenderize butter, tomato, hot pepper, garlic and/or onion
together in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds.
Add cheese and blenderize on medium speed for 15-20 seconds,
until smooth and warm to the touch. Pour over Pasta Substitute
and eat before it gets soggy. Eat with a serving of meat.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 119

1 Serving

2 ounces raw pumpkin seeds
1 ounce raw sunflower seeds
3 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1/4 teaspoon unheated honey
1 raw egg
1 slice fresh garlic

Blenderize pumpkin and sunflower seeds in an 8-ounces jar on
high speed until they are flour. Add butter, honey, garlic and egg
and blenderize on medium speed for 15-20 seconds. Place in
cupboard and let stand for 2 hours.

Top with a sauce and eat with a serving of meat.

(^120) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

10 Servings

3/4 pound no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
1 pound unsalted raw butter
1 cup raw walnut halves
3 tablespoons unheated honey
1 drop organic vanilla extract

TOPPING, (optional)
1 1/3 cups raw cream
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Let cheese and butter stand at room temperature to warm for 4
hours before making cheesecake.

Slice cheese into 1/8-inch slices. Into each of two 16-ounces
jars, warm half of the cheese, half of the butter and 1 tablespoon
honey immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water while making the
Crust.

Crust: In a food processor (not blender), place nuts, two
tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon honey. Blend ingredients
until they become a large ball.

Butter bottom and sides of an 8- or 9-inch pie plate. Evenly
spread nut mixture and press on to bottom of pie plate. Chill in
freezer while making Filling.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 121
Filling: When butter is nearly liquid, blenderize both jars of
butter/cheese/honey mixture on high speed for 60-90 seconds
until ingredients are smooth, not grainy. Do not let it get too hot
while blending. Pour both jars of Filling into chilled piecrust and
refrigerate for several hours. (If making a Topping, place back in
freezer while making Topping.)
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 1: Blenderize 5 ounces cream and
1 teaspoon honey in an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is
fluffy and stiff. Repeat with remaining 5 ounces cream and 2
teaspoons honey in another 8-ounces jar. Remove pie from
freezer and top with whipped cream. Let stand in refrigeration
for 8 hours. The flavors blend better when it stands for 20 hours.
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 2: Choose fruit with low
carbohydrate, such as cherries, berries and/or unripe fruit.
Remove seeds or stones. Chop fruit, if necessary, and blenderize
1 cup fruit and 1 tablespoon honey in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Spread over chilled cheesecake.
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 3: Remove stones from 4 dates.
Chop dates. Blenderize chopped dates and 1 cup fruit(s) in a 12-
ounces jar on high speed for 15 seconds. Spread over chilled
cheesecake.

(^122) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

2 Servings

3 ounces no-salt-added raw cheddar cheese
3 1/2 ounces unsalted raw butter
2 ounces raw walnut halves
2 teaspoons unheated honey
1 drop organic vanilla extract

TOPPING, if desired
3 ounces raw cream
1 teaspoon unheated honey

Let cheese and butter stand at room temperature to warm for 4
hours before making cheesecake.

Slice cheese into 1/8-inch slices. Warm cheese, butter and 1
teaspoon honey in an 8-ounces jar, capped and immersed in a
bowl of mildly hot water while making the Crust.

Crust: Blenderize nuts, 1 teaspoon butter and 1 teaspoon honey
together in a 4-ounces jar on high speed using pulse-action for 5
seconds.

Butter bottom and sides of 4-inch glass or ceramic pie-dish.
Evenly spread nut mixture and press on to bottom of pie plate.
Chill in freezer while making Filling.

Filling: Blenderize butter/cheese/honey mixture on high speed
for 30-40 seconds until ingredients are smooth, not grainy; do
not let it get too hot while blending. Pour into chilled piecrust
and place in refrigerator for several hours. (If making a Topping,
place back in freezer while making Topping.)

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 123
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 1: Blenderize 3 ounces cream and
1 teaspoon honey in an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is
fluffy and stiff. Remove pie from freezer and top with whipped
cream. Let stand in refrigeration for 8 hours. The flavors blend
better when it stands for 20 hours.
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 2: Choose fruit with low
carbohydrate, such as cherries, berries and/or unripe fruit.
Remove seeds or stones. Chop fruit, if necessary, and blenderize
3 ounces fruit and honey in a 4-ounces jar on medium speed for
5 seconds. Spread over chilled cheesecake.
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING 3: Remove stones from 1 date.
Chop date. Blenderize chopped date and 3 ounces fruit(s) in a 4-
ounces jar on high speed for 10-15 seconds. Spread over chilled
cheesecake.

1 Serving

4 ounces COCONUT CREAM
1/8 peeled and seeded small papaya
1/8 -inch circular slice fresh pineapple
1 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)

If pineapple is not organic, wash outside of pineapple with brush
and lukewarm water. Slice pineapple circularly. Cut away rind
and discard. To retain juice in pineapple, slice and dice
pineapple with sawing motion. Fold diced fruit into coconut
cream, or top diced fruit with coconut cream, or top coconut
cream with diced fruit.

ALTERNATIVE: Use 2 ounces each of other fruits, such as
berries and peach, or nectarine and peach, or pear and grapes.

(^124) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

1/3 papaya, remove seeds and peel
1 raw egg
2 tablespoons raw unsalted butter
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on low
speed for 10 seconds. Immediately pour into serving bowl before
it thickens, or let it thicken in jar and eat from jar.

1 Serving

1 egg
1/3 diced avocado
1/2 diced orange
1 tablespoon unheated honey
4 ounces papaya or mango
1 teaspoon lime, (optional)
4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter

Blenderize butter, papaya or mango, honey, egg, and lime juice
together in an 8-ounces jar on high speed for 10 seconds.
Immediately pour into bowl and stir in diced avocado and
orange before it thickens. Let stand for 3-5 minutes.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 125

2 Servings

5 ounces raw cream
3 tablespoons raw milk
1 raw egg
3 tablespoons peeled and seeded fresh papaya
2 teaspoons unheated honey
2 -inch square PECAN FUDGE

Premake PECAN FUDGE recipe

Blenderize 2 ounces cream, milk, egg, papaya and honey in an
8-ounces jar on medium speed for 5 seconds. Pour into a serving
bowl, place in freezer and let sit for 10-16 hours, or use ice
cream maker.

Cut fudge of choice into thin layers and place one layer in
dessert glass. Spoon a layer of ice cream on top. Repeat the two
layers.

Blenderize 3 ounces cream in a 4-ounces jar on low speed until
cream is stiff. Top fudge/ice cream layers with whipped cream.

ALTERNATIVE: Chop mint leaves until you have 1
tablespoon. Blenderize 3 ounces cream and chopped mint in a 4-
ounces jar on low speed until mixture is stiff. Top fudge/ice
cream layers with mint whipped cream.

(^126) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

3 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon unheated honey
1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root
1 tablespoon raw carob powder
2 1/2 ounces raw walnut or pecan halves, pine or hazel nuts, or
sunflower seeds

Warm butter and ginger in a 4-ounces jar, capped and immersed
in a bowl of mildly hot water.

Blenderize nuts in an 8-ounces jar on high speed until they are
flour (or pulse-blend to make it chunky). When butter melts, add
honey and blenderize for 5 seconds. Add nuts and carob powder
and stir for 60 seconds. Put on plate and let stand for 2 hours
until it firms. Form into balls. To harden it more, refrigerate for
30 minutes.

ALTERNATIVE 1: Make it chewier by using honeycomb.

ALTERNATIVE 2: Stir in1 teaspoon soft fresh bee pollen.

ALTERNATIVE 3: Finely grate coconut meat and roll balls in
grated coconut.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 127

2 Servings

7 tablespoons soft unsalted raw butter
1 raw egg
3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves
2 tablespoons unheated honey
1 1/2 tablespoons raw carob powder
2 drops organic vanilla extract

Blenderize all ingredients together in an 8-ounces jar on medium
speed for 30-40 seconds. Refrigerate to harden for 2 hours. (To
preserve the nutrients in eggs, it is best not to refrigerate for
more than 4 hours.)

(^128) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

2 ounces pecan halves
4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 raw egg
3 tablespoons unheated honey
2 tablespoons raw carob powder
1 drop organic vanilla extract

Blenderize pecans in an 8-ounces jar on high speed until they are
flour. Place the rest of ingredients in jar, stir, and blenderize on
medium speed until smooth. Place in a small bowl and
refrigerate to harden for 2 hours. (To preserve the nutrients in
eggs, it is best not to refrigerate for more than 4 hours.)

ATERNATIVE 1: To make it chunky, place all ingredients,
except 1 ounce pecans, in an 8-ounces jar and blend until
smooth. Crush 1 ounce pecans into bits and stir into mixture.
Place in a small bowl and refrigerate to harden for 2 hours.

ALTERNATIVE 2: Substitute walnuts, pine or hazelnuts for
pecans.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 129

1 Serving

2 sections tangerines
1/2 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root, or PICKLED
GINGER
1 tablespoon unheated honey
1 egg
1/4 papaya, peeled and seeded
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
5 tablespoons raw cream
1 pinch nutmeg

Blenderize all ingredients, except cream and nutmeg, together in
an 8-ounces jar on high speed for 10 seconds. Pour into serving
bowl immediately before it solidifies into custard.

Blenderize cream in a 4-ounces jar on low speed until it is stiff.
Top custard with whipped cream and grate nutmeg on top.

(^130) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

4 ounces raw cream
7 fresh berries
1/4 cup diced fresh pineapple
1 teaspoon unheated honey, (optional)

Blenderize cream and honey in an 8-ounces jar on low speed
until it is stiff. Place fruit in bowl and top with whipped cream.

ALTERNATIVE: Use other fruits, such as berries and peach, or
nectarine and peach, or pear and grapes.

1 Serving

4 ounces raw cream
1/8 peeled and seeded small papaya
1/8-inch circular slice fresh pineapple
1 teaspoon unheated honey

If pineapple is not organic, wash outside of pineapple with brush
and lukewarm water. Slice pineapple circularly. Cut away rind
and discard. To retain juice in pineapple, slice and dice
pineapple with sawing motion. Blenderize cream and honey in a
4-ounces jar on low speed until it is stiff. Fold diced fruit into
whipped cream, or top diced fruit with whipped cream, or top
whipped cream with diced fruit.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 131

1 Serving

1 egg
4 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons raw milk
3 tablespoons fresh berries, such as blueberries, raspberries,
boysenberries and blackberries
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Pour into ice cream maker and churn until
firm.

2 Servings

1 egg
4 tablespoons raw cream
4 tablespoons raw milk
3 tablespoons fresh papaya
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon unheated honey
2 drops organic vanilla extract

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Pour into ice cream maker and churn until
firm.

(^132) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

1 egg
4 tablespoons raw cream
4 tablespoons raw milk
1 tablespoon raw carob powder
1 tablespoon unheated honey
1 to 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger root

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Pour into ice cream maker and churn until
firm.

1 Serving

1 egg
4 tablespoons raw cream
4 tablespoons raw milk
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Pour into ice cream maker and churn until
firm.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 133

1 Serving

1 egg
4 tablespoons raw cream
3 tablespoons raw milk
1 1/2 ounces fresh pineapple
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Pour into ice cream maker and churn until
firm.

These cream sickles satisfy without causing manic behavior, as
most common sweets do. Refrigerating egg is an exception for
this recipe.)

4 Servings

1 egg
4 tablespoons raw cream
4 tablespoons raw milk
2 ounces fresh mango
1 teaspoon unheated honey

Blenderize all ingredients together in a 12-ounces jar on medium
speed for 10 seconds. Pour into popsicle-mold and freeze for 5-8
hours.

ALTERNATIVES 1: Substitute other fruit, such as peach,
nectarine, or berries.

ALTERNATIVES 2: Substitute raw coconut cream for raw cream.

(^134) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

2 Servings

CRUST
2 ounces raw walnut, or pecan halves
2 teaspoons unsalted raw butter
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey

FILLING, all ingredients room temperature
1 non-steamed date
4 ounces fruits or combination of fruits

TOPPING
2 ounces COCONUT CREAM
1 egg
1 tablespoon unsalted raw butter
1 teaspoons unheated honey, (optional)

Crust: Blenderize walnuts, butter and honey in a 4-ounces jar on
medium speed using pulse-action for 5 seconds. Butter bottom
and sides of 4-inch glass or ceramic pie-dish. Flatten mixture
evenly on to bottom of dish and chill in refrigerator for 15
minutes while making Filling.

Filling: Remove stone from date and chop date. Blenderize
chopped date, 2 ounces fruit together in a 4-ounces jar on high
speed until creamy. Slice or dice remaining fruit, unless berries,
and fold fruit into Filling mixture. Pour and spread evenly over
crust and chill in refrigerator for 20 minutes.

Topping: Blenderize chilled coconut cream, butter, honey and
egg in an 8-ounces jar on medium speed for 15-20 seconds. Pour
coconut cream over chilled Filling and spread evenly. Chill pie
in refrigeration for 30 minutes to firm coconut cream. You could
save some of the cut fruit from the Filling to make a pattern over
the chilled and firmed coconut cream.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 135

10 Servings

CRUST
1 cup walnuts, or pecans halves
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon unheated honey

FILLING, all ingredients room temperature
6 non-steamed dates
2 cups fruits or combination of fruits

TOPPING
8 ounces COCONUT CREAM
4 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
2 raw eggs
1 to 2 tablespoons unheated honey, (optional)

Crust: Place walnuts, butter and honey in food processor and
blend until ingredients form into a ball. Butter bottom and sides
of 8- or 9-inch glass pie-dish. Spread nut mixture. Then flatten
evenly on to the bottom of pie-dish and chill in refrigerator for
15 minutes while making Filling.

Filling: Remove stones from dates and chop dates. In a blender,
blenderize chopped dates and 1/2 cup fruit (room temperature)
together in an 8-ounces jar on high speed for 20-30 seconds,
until thick.

Slice or dice remaining fruit, unless berries, and fold into Filling
mixture. Pour and spread evenly over crust and chill in
refrigerator for 20 minutes.

Topping: Place chilled coconut cream, eggs, butter and honey in
food processor and blend for 20-30 seconds. Pour coconut cream
over chilled Filling and spread evenly. Chill pie in refrigeration
for 30 minutes to firm coconut cream. You can save some of the
cut fruit from the Filling to make a pattern over the chilled and
firmed coconut cream.

(^136) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
ALTERNATIVE TOPPING: 1 egg only, instead of two, and
add 1 1/2 ounces fresh lime or lemon juice, or a combination of
lemon and lime juices. Place chilled coconut cream, egg, butter,
honey, and lemon and/or lime juices in food processor and blend
for 20-30 seconds. Follow the rest of instructions for Topping
above.

10 Servings

CRUST
1 cup raw walnut halves
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon unheated honey

FILLING
6 non-steamed dates
2 cups fruit, or combination of fruits

TOPPING
15 ounces raw cream
1 to 2 tablespoons unheated honey, (optional)

Crust: Place walnuts, butter and honey in food processor and
blend until ingredients form into a ball. Butter bottom and sides
of an 8- or 9-inch glass pie-dish. Spread nut mixture and flatten
evenly on to the bottom of the pie-dish. Chill in freezer for 15
minutes while making Filling.

Filling: Remove stones from dates and chop dates. In a blender,
blenderize chopped dates and 3/4 cup fruit in a 12-ounces jar on
high speed for 20-30 seconds until thick.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 137
Slice or dice remaining fruit, unless berries, and fold into Filling
mixture. Pour and spread evenly over crust and chill in freezer
for 10 minutes.
Topping: Blenderize 5 ounces cream and 2 teaspoons honey in
an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is fluffy and stiff. Repeat
two more times, each time with 5 ounces cream and 2 teaspoons
honey in an 8-ounces jar. Remove pie from freezer and top with
whipped cream. You can save some of the cut fruit from the
Filling to make a pattern over whipped cream. Let stand in
refrigeration for 2 hours.
ALTERNATE TOPPING: Add 2 tablespoon fresh lime or
lemon juice, or a combination of lemon and lime juices, to cream
and honey. Blenderize as stated above. You can save some of cut
fruit from the Filling to make a pattern over whipped cream.

2 Servings

CRUST
2 ounces raw walnut halves
2 teaspoons unsalted raw butter
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey

FILLING
1 non-steamed date
4 ounces fruit, or combination of fruits

TOPPING
4 ounces raw cream
2 teaspoons unheated honey, (optional)

Crust: Blenderize walnuts, butter and honey in a 4-ounces jar on
medium speed using pulse-action for 5 seconds. Butter bottom
and sides of 4-inch glass or ceramic pie-dish. Spread nut mixture
and flatten evenly on to the bottom of the pie-dish. Chill in
freezer for 10 minutes while making Filling.

(^138) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Filling: Remove stone from date and chop date. Blenderize
chopped date and 2 ounces fruit in a 4-ounces jar on high speed
for 10-15 seconds until thick.
Slice or dice remaining fruit, unless berries, and fold into Filling
mixture. Pour and spread evenly over crust and chill in freezer
for 10 minutes.
Topping: Blenderize cream and honey in a 4-ounces jar on low
speed until stiff. Top Filling with whipped cream. You can save
some of the cut fruit from the Filling to make a pattern over
whipped cream.

10 Servings

CRUST
1 cup raw walnut halves
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 tablespoon unheated honey

FILLING
2 eggs
6 non-steamed dates
3 bananas
8 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
2 drops organic vanilla extract, (optional)

TOPPING
15 ounces raw cream
1 to 2 tablespoons unheated honey, (optional)

Crust: Place walnuts, butter and honey in food processor and
blend until ingredients form a ball. Butter bottom and sides of an
8- or 9-inch glass pie-dish. Spread nut mixture and flatten evenly
into the bottom of pie-dish. Chill in freezer for 15 minutes while
making Filling.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 139
Filling: Remove stones from dates and chop dates. In a blender,
blenderize eggs, 1 drop vanilla extract, chopped dates, 1/2
banana (break into small pieces) and butter (room temperature)
together until thick.
Slice 2 1/2 bananas lengthwise into halves. Slice laterally into
1/8-inch pieces. Fold bananas into Filling mixture. Pour and
spread evenly over crust and chill in freezer for 20 minutes.
Topping: Blenderize 5 ounces cream and 2 teaspoons honey in
an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is fluffy and stiff. Repeat
two more times, each time with 5 ounces cream and 2 teaspoons
honey in an 8-ounces jar. Remove pie from freezer and top with
whipped cream. Let stand in refrigeration for 2 hours.
ALTERNATE TOPPING: Add 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice to
cream and honey. Blenderize as stated above.

2 Servings

CRUST
2 ounces raw walnut halves
2 teaspoons unsalted raw butter
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey

FILLING
1 egg
1 non-steamed date
3/4 banana
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
1 drop organic vanilla extract, (optional)

TOPPING
3 ounces raw cream
2 teaspoons unheated honey, (optional)

Crust: Blenderize walnuts, butter and honey in a 4-ounces jar on
high speed using pulse-action for 5 seconds. Butter bottom and
sides of 4-inch glass or ceramic pie-dish. Spread nut mixture and

(^140) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
flatten evenly on to bottom of pie-dish. Chill in freezer for 10
minutes while making Filling.
Filling: Remove stone from date and chop date. Blenderize
chopped date, egg, vanilla extract, half of 3/4 banana (break into
small pieces), and butter (room temperature) together in an 8-
ounces jar on high speed until thick.
Slice remainder of banana lengthwise into quarters. Slice
laterally into 1/4-inch pieces. Fold banana into Filling mixture.
Pour and spread evenly over crust and chill in freezer for 10
minutes.
Topping: Blenderize cream and honey in an 8-ounces jar on low
speed until fluffy and stiff. Top Filling with whipped cream.

8 Servings

3 ripe persimmons
6 non-steamed dates, remove stone and chop
3 tablespoons unheated honey
1 cup raw walnut halves
2 tablespoons unsalted raw butter
15 ounces raw cream

Crust: Place nuts, 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon honey
in food processor and blend until ingredients form into a ball.
Butter 6-inch glass pie-dish. Evenly distribute crust on plate and
press firmly. Place in freezer while making Filling.

Filling: Blenderize half of chopped dates and 1 1/2 persimmons
in a 12-ounces jar on high speed for 40 seconds. Repeat with
remaining dates and persimmons in another 12-ounces jar.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 141
Remove curst from freezer and pour in persimmons mixture.
Return to freezer while making Topping.
Topping: Blenderize 5 ounces cream and 2 teaspoons honey in
an 8-ounces jar on low speed until it is fluffy and stiff. Repeat
two more times, each time with 5 ounces cream and 2 teaspoons
honey in an 8-ounces jar. Remove pie from freezer and top with
whipped cream. Let stand in refrigeration for at least 8 hours.

1 Serving

3/4 ripe persimmon
1 non-steamed date, remove stone and chop
3 teaspoons unheated honey
2 ounces raw walnut halves
2 teaspoons unsalted raw butter
3 ounces raw cream

Crust: Blenderize nuts, 2 teaspoons butter and 1 teaspoon honey
in a 4-ounces jar on high speed using pulse-action for 5 seconds.
Butter the bottom and sides of serving bowl. Evenly distribute
crust on bottom of bowl and press firmly. Place in freezer while
making Filling.

Filling: Blenderize chopped date and persimmon in an 8-ounces
jar on high speed for 20-30 seconds until thick. Pour into chilled
piecrust. Return to freezer while making Topping.

Topping: Blenderize raw cream and honey in an 8-ounces jar
until it is fluffy and stiff. Remove pie from freezer and top with
whipped cream. Let stand in refrigeration for at least 6 hours.

(^142) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 Serving

1/2 avocado, cut into wedges
6 circular slices raw cucumber
3 circular slices raw zucchini, crookneck or sunburst squash
1 stalk cauliflower tops
1/2 tomato, cut into wedges
2 sliced mushrooms
1 serving of any of the sauces in this book
2 tablespoons red onion, (optional)

Arrange ingredients on a plate or in a bowl and eat with or
without a sauce.

10 Serving

6 ounces thinly sliced fresh ginger
4 tablespoons raw apple cider vinegar
3 tablespoons whey, or natural mineral water
1 tablespoon unheated honey

Blenderize vinegar, whey or water and honey together in an 8-
ounces jar on medium speed for 10 seconds. Add ginger slices
and cap. If necessary, add more whey or water to cover ginger
slices. Marinate for 24 hours in refrigeration. It will keep in
refrigeration for about 2 months.

Pickled ginger may be mixed with unsalted raw butter, raw
cream, raw coconut cream, olive oil or flax oil and eaten with
any meat, red or white.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 143

10 Servings

1 red bell pepper
1 yellow bell pepper
1/2 cup raw apple cider vinegar
1 cup natural mineral water
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey

Blenderize 1/2 cup water, vinegar and honey in a 16-ounces jar
for 5 seconds at medium speed.

Seed and dice peppers, and place in a 16-ounces jar with
vinegar/honey/water. If more water is need to cover peppers, add
it now, cap and gently turn jar upside down and back several
times. Let stand in refrigerator for 24 hours. It will keep in
refrigeration for 2 months. If recipe is too much for use in 2
months, divide each ingredient by half and use an 8-ounces jar.

10 Servings

4 pickling cucumbers
1/2 cup raw apple cider vinegar
1/2 teaspoon unheated honey
2 tablespoons fresh dill weed
1/2 cup natural mineral water

Blenderize vinegar, honey, dill and 1 ounce water together in an
8-ounces jar for 10 seconds on low speed.

Slice cucumbers lengthwise into quarters. Slice the quarters into
halves horizontally. Stuff cucumbers in a 16-ounces jar, pour in
blenderized mixture into jar. If more water is needed to cover
cucumbers, add it now. Cap and gently turn jar upside down and
back several times. Let stand in refrigerator for 24 hours. It will
keep in refrigeration for 2 months.

ALTERNATIVE: Add garlic or ginger slices, or any other spice
before adding water to cover cucumbers.

(^144) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

10 Servings

4 pickling cucumbers
1/2 cup raw apple cider vinegar
3 tablespoons unheated honey
1/4 cup natural mineral water

Blenderize vinegar, 1 ounce water and honey together in an 8-
ounces jar for 10 seconds on low speed.

Slice cucumbers lengthwise into quarters. Slice the quarters into
halves horizontally. Stuff cucumbers in a 16-ounces jar, pour in
blenderized mixture into jar. If more water is needed to cover
cucumbers, add it now. Cap and gently turn jar upside down and
back several times. Let stand in refrigerator for 24 hours. It will
keep in refrigeration for 2 months.

ALTERNATIVE: Add garlic or ginger slices, or any other spice
before adding water to cover cucumbers.

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 145

(^146) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

1 to 2 raw eggs
2 to 4 ounces unsalted raw butter or coconut cream
1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice
1 to 2 teaspoons unheated honey

All ingredients should be room temperature. Warm all ingredi-
ents in an 8- or 12-ounces jar, capped with the blender washer/
blades/base, immersed in a bowl of mildly hot water for 5
minutes. Blenderize on medium speed for 10 seconds. It is most
effective when consumed with, or shortly after, a meat meal.

Most bodies are so starved for healthy raw fat that when they get
fat, the organs, blood, glands and nervous system consume it.
The lymph, bones, joints, connective tissue and skin continue to
starve and shrivel with dryness unless we get enough fat. We
cannot eat enough fat to supply all that our bodies’ need after
years of cooked food. However, this formula helps rush fats into
the body so that lymph, bones, joints, connective tissue and skin
receive some wonderful fats. Because fats are utilized for so
many functions, I suggest eating this recipe almost daily.

To make this recipe sound appealing to both sexes, I gave it two
names. When I give this formula to women, I call it the
Moisturizing Formula. When I give it to men, I call it the
Lubrication Formula.

3 to 4 level tablespoons refrigerated fresh soft bee pollen
1 to 2 ounces no-salt-added raw cheese
1 MOISTURIZING/LUBRICATION FORMULA DRINK

Add pollen to the Moisturizing/Lubrication Formula above prior
to blenderizing, and then blenderize. Eat cheese as you drink the
formula. Usually, this formula reduces pain 80-100% within 10

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 147
minutes to several hours. It is 5-10% less effective if the cheese
is not eaten.

Splash and rub fresh lemon juice under armpits and wipe. It is
effective in most cases of very strong body odor. A drop of
ginger juice rubbed into underarms usually creates an alluring
fragrance. One tablespoon of ginger and/or mint juices per quart
of green vegetable juices also helps body odor.

Cut pieces of lemon rind and pulp (no juice) and dry it in the sun
for 30 days. Grind into a powder. Brush it into armpits that have
been splashed and rubbed with lemon juice and wiped.

1/2 to 1 pound fowl
2 to 3 MOISTURIZING/LUBRICATIONS FORMULA D RINK
(preferable), see page 146
or 2 to 3 MILKSHAKEs, see page 57
1 SMOOTHIE, see pages 58-59
This daily diet should be followed until symptoms have subsided
and normal functions resume.

4 ounces butter
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
3 tablespoons honey
2 teaspoons fresh ginger root juice or 2 tablespoons grated
fresh ginger root

Warm all ingredients in an 8-ounces jar, capped with blender
washer/blades/base, immersed in bowl of mildly hot water for 5

(^148) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
minutes. Blenderize on medium speed for 5 seconds. Enjoy 1-2
teaspoons, retaining the mixture in the mouth for as long as
possible, swallowing a tiny amount at a time. That will coat the
throat over a 1- to 4-minutes period, allowing it to absorb into
and coat the throat.

Mix ¼ teaspoon sun-dried clay, 2 tablespoons raw butter or raw
cream and 2 drops ginger or mint leaf juices. Good for 5 tooth-
brushings. Keep refrigerated.

Chronic constipation indicates that intestinal bacterial levels are
much too low. Sixty to eighty percent of our bowel movements
should be bacteria not fiber on a raw diet. E. coli is the main
bacterium in our colons responsible for proper bowel
movements. Eating high raw meat supplies the body with natural
bacteria destroyed by cooking and internal polution. Those
bacteria help reduce waste and decay in the body. Eating moist
clay and/or HIGH MEAT (see blow) helps build intestinal
bacteria responsible for healthy bowel movements. These
suggestions may be the only long-term solutions: 1 teaspoon of
moist clay eaten every other day, and 1 marble-sized portion of
high meat eaten once a day for 14 days, then once a week for as
many months as it takes to resolve constipation. Also, read
Constipation Remedy, Temporary, and read pages 174-177 in
this book. Other constipation remedies are in my book The
Primal Diet; We Want To Live, Volume 2 , see Constipation.

can be consistently alleviated by eating HIGH MEAT (see
below). It often causes an attitude shift in people with
“entitlement” issues, that is, the segment of society who feels the
world owes them. Worries usually settle. Normally, those effects
last from 2 to 60 days. People who suffer severe depression eat
high raw meat as often as every day. One client feels so happy,

The Recipe Fo r Hea l t hy L i ving & O p timal Re cipes! (^) 149
he eats 1 cup each day. People who have cancer help reverse it
by eating high raw meat. If suffering intestinal, neurological or
lymphatic cancer, high raw chicken is more favorable. See
pages 170-174.

Place 1 volume-pint of raw meat, chopped into bite-sized pieces,
into a glass quart (32 ounces) jar; equal air- and meat-space.
Place Ball jar lid on jar tightly and place in the refrigerator. I
suggest three jars be prepared; one with raw red meat, one with
natural raw fowl and one with ocean wild-caught raw fish. Every
3 to 4 days take the jars outdoors, completely remove lids and
wave the jars in the air to exchange the air inside each jar.
Return lids to jars, tighten and return to refrigeration. After 4
weeks, you may begin to eat one marble-sized piece once or
twice every week. There are approximately 17 stages of bacterial
developments. Airing the meat is required to progress bacteria
through the stages. If you don't replace the air in the jar every 3
to 4 days, the bacteria stages will not progress. If you go on a
trip, when you return, recommence airing the meat so that it will
resume progress through all of the bacterial stages.

To make eating high raw meat easier, take it outside (or your
home will stink for up to 36 hours), close the nostrils with
fingers or swimmer’s nose clip, and eat. You can swallow it
without chewing but chewing makes it more effective to lift
spirits. The odor is terrible, but the texture is palatable. If you do
not like the after-taste, rinse mouth with lemon or lime but do
not swallow the lemon or lime. Lemon and lime are
antibacterial, especially lime. If you swallow the citrus juice, it is
likely that you will experience little benefit. I have eaten high
raw meat that was aged up to 1-year old with excel lent benefits
when I needed it.

If suffering depression or chronic constipation, I suggest
eating high raw meat twice a week. Do NOT eat large amounts
of high meat while on a weight-loss cycle.

(^150) Volume Two t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

Temporary relief may be obtained by soaking 2 ounces raw
Chia seeds in 5 ounces of good water for 24 hours. The water
turns to a gelatinous consistency. Stir seeds and gel into one
entire Moisturizing/Lubrication Formula Drink and eat like
cereal once a day as necessary.

Besides those above and in my book The Primal Diet; We
Want To Live, Volume 2 , here is an more aggressive remedy.
Because the combination prevents proper digestion, the body
moves this remedy through the intestines quicker. This is not
suggested for regular use but for emergencies only. Usually, this
remedy drunk once is enough. Only 10% of the test-subjects had
to drink two or three within 24 hours.
3 ounces stone-pressed olive oil
2 ounces raw milk
2 ounces raw unpasteurized apple cider vinegar
2 ounces unheated honey
2 ounces fresh lemon juice

It is best to drink all of it as quickly as possible. Occasionally,
stomach cramps result. I suggest placing a hot-water bottle on
the stomach and breathe deeply and slowly. Never use an
electric heating pad. Electrical devices produce electromagnetic
fields that unfavorably alter cellular structure. Never use
microwave packs; they irritate cellular membranes.

Volume Three

We want the raw foods that have proved to digest efficiently
and healthfully. We want those that transform into substances
that balance, build, grow, regenerate, reproduce cells, lubricate,
soothe, cleanse and fuel us. We cannot utilize that which we
cannot digest properly and in healthful balance.

Our intestines are 2½ times shorter than most herbivores^8. We
have only one stomach, while herbivores have 2-4 stomachs.
Herbivores have nearly 60,000 times more enzymes than we
have to disassemble cellulose (plant fiber) to obtain the fat and
proteins from vegetation and grain. Vegetable fiber passes
through an herbivore’s digestive system in about 48 hours. In
our digestive tracts, vegetables complete their journey in 24
hours. Only a fraction of the cellulose is digested. Sixty-five
percent of the protein and fat are undigested.

On a primarily cooked diet, eating whole, raw vegetables
usually prevents constipation. They supply enzymes and fiber
needed to counter some of the putrefaction and the resultant
tendency toward constipation that occur with cooked food in our
digestive tracts. Contrarily, on a raw diet, eating whole raw
vegetables more than once every 2 weeks often causes over-
alkalinity of our digestive tracts. Alkalinity destroys or
neutralizes the acidic bacteria that digest all meat, dairy and
eggs, frequently causes loss of appetite for raw meat, and causes
constipation. We do not digest raw whole vegetables well.
Normally, they are not part of a health-giving diet for humans.

(^8) Animals who consume mainly vegetation, such as cows, horses, deer
and sheep.

(^152) Volume Three t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Our gastrointestinal tract is not like that of birds. Birds can
eat a lot of grain (seeds) and digest it with their gizzards. We do
not have a gizzard or an alternative way of eating grain that is
health-giving. We cannot properly digest grain for cellular
reproduction and healing, even if sprouted. Sprouted grains are
vegetables. As stated above, we do not digest vegetables well.
Germinated seeds contain enzyme suppressors that prevent
proper protein digestion, utilization and assimilation, causing
protein deficiency.
Our intestinal shape is like some frugivores (primates) who
mainly eat fruit. However, when humans eat a lot of fruit they
incur health problems, such as osteoporosis, tooth degeneration,
anxiety, dryness, diabetes, hyperactivity, attention-deficit
disorder (ADD), attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
(ADHD), over-emotionality and temperature sensitivity. Unlike
pure frugivores and herbivores, we mainly have an acidic
digestive tract, including acidic bacteria that facilitate the
prevention and reversal of cancer. More than a little raw high-
carbohydrate fruit over-alkalinizes the intestines. Intestinal over-
alkalinity destroys proper protein and fat digestion and
suppresses appetite for raw meat, and can make raw meat
repulsive to us. That destroys our ability to combine many foods
and impairs the natural acidic environment of our bowels. A
sugar-rich environment caused by high-carbohydrate fruits
results in fungal problems, such as candida and other yeast
infections. Eating more than a little fruit causes severe fat and
protein deficiencies. In women, that often causes bloating and
menstrual cramps.
Carnivores, such as cats and dogs, mainly eat meat. Our
digestive juices are most similar to carnivores. In their stomachs,
the hydrochloric acid concentration is 15 times greater than in
humans so that they digest meat in 10 hours, which
accommodates their very short intestines. Humans, however,
produce an equal amount of hydrochloric acid throughout the
stomach and intestines combined, allowing raw meat and other
raw animal products to digest easily and efficiently in our much
longer digestive tract within 16 hours. (Cooked meat takes 24-36
hours to digest accompanied with putrefaction, heterocyclic

T h e Science Of Living Healthf u lly 153

amines, acrylamides and lipid peroxides not found in the
digestive tract when raw meats are eaten.) Our teeth are designed
for cutting and crushing meat with the help of our dexterous
hands.

Lastly, there is the omnivore, such as the pig, who eats
everything. Our digestive tract is similar in size and action to a
pig’s, but 35 years of experimentation with food has taught me
that limiting the human diet to mainly a raw carnivore diet
results in healthier and happier well-being.

A major problem with food-science is that its scientists view
nutrients in food in only two categories, good and destroyed.
That is like viewing people as follows: A person who is vibrant,
strong and athletic is considered good, useful and functional; a
person who is weak and tired is considered good, useful and
functional; a person who is crippled is considered good, useful
and functional; a person who is comatose is considered good,
useful and functional; and a person who is dead is considered
destroyed.

Nutrients that are mutilated are not very useful or functional
for creating and maintaining health. Yes, the weak, crippled and
comatose people are alive but how productive can they be
toward accomplishing the daily chores? How many weak,
crippled and comatose people have you asked to dig ditches and
lumberjack?

I have observed that no matter how slight the damage to
nutrients, that digestion, utilization and assimilation are
impaired. Science fails to acknowledge that truth. I have found
that health is poorly affected when people eat food that
artificially reaches a hot-temperature as low as 93 q F (34q C),
and cold-temperature as high as 40q F (4q C).

(^154) Volume Three t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Research throughout the world shows that heat-treatment of
food alters, damages, or destroys many vitamins at standard
pasteurization temperatures from 140q to 161q F (59q to 71q C).
All enzymes are destroyed at prolonged artificial temperatures
from 122q F (49q C). Consider, as I stated above, that the
artificial temperature that weakens or cripples some nutrients,
including vitamins and enzymes is as low as 93q F (34q C). The
loss of mineral utilization due to cauterization^9 is significant.
Cooking protein-foods, including all meat, above 104° F (39º
C) produces toxins. Higher cooking temperatures create more
dangerous toxins, such as heterocyclic amines (caustic
compounds) that have proved to be carcinogenic in laboratory
animals.^10 Cooked protein is difficult to utilize for cellular
reproduction, regeneration and healing.
(^9) Cauterization is when heat or a caustic substance burns a substance
to the point where it is relatively impervious and unable to exchange
molecules to sustain or promote activity.
(^10) “Analysis of cooked muscle meats for heterocyclic aromatic amine
carcinogens”, Knize MG, Salmon CP, Mehta SS, Felton JS; Mutat
Res, 1997, May 12; 376(1-2):129-34.
“Cooked casein promotes colon cancer in rats, may be because of
mucosal abrasion”, Corpet DE, Chatelin-Pirot V; Cancer Lett, 1997,
Mar 19; 114(1-2):89-90.
“Mutagenic activity of heterocyclic amines in cooked foods” Felton
JS, Knize MG, Dolbeare FA, Wu R; Environ Health Perspect, 1994,
Oct; 102 Suppl 6:201-4.
“Cancer risk of heterocyclic amines in cooked foods: analysis and
implications for research”, Layton DW, Bogen KT, Knize MG, Hatch
FT, Johnson VM, Felton JS; Carcinogenesis, 1995, Jan; 16(1):39-52
“Exposure to heterocyclic amines”, Wakabayashi K, Ushiyama H,
Takahashi M, Nukaya H, Kim SB, Hirose M, Ochiai M, Sugimura T,
Nagao M; Environ Health Perspect, 1993, Mar; 99:129-34.
“Occurrence of mutagens in canned foods”, Krone CA, Iwaoka WT;
Mutat Res, 1984, Nov-Dec; 141(3-4):131-4.
“The formation and occurrence of amino acid pyrolysates and
related mutagens in cooked foods”, Massey RC, Dennis MJ; Food
Addit Contam, 1987, Jan-Mar; 4(1):27-36.
“Food-derived mutagens and carcinogens”, Wakabayashi K, Nagao
M, Esumi H, Sugimura T; Cancer Res, 1992, Apr 1;52(7
Suppl):2092s-2098s.

T h e Science Of Living Healthf u lly 155

Heating fat above 96q F (36º C) causes toxic alterations,
including lipid peroxides (oily oxidizing compounds) that have
proved to be carcinogenic. Cooked fats cannot exchange ions or
molecules properly. An example: If the body forms, from
cooked fats, an improper or incomplete lubricant to protect the
arteries, the fat hardens and arteries become brittle after many
years, especially from heated vegetable oils.

Stockholm University in cooperation with Sweden's National
Food Administration (a government food safety agency) showed
that cooking carbohydrate-rich foods, such as bread, cake,
biscuits, crisps, donuts and French fries, produces high quantities
of acrylamides. The British Food Standards Agency confirmed
the Swedish findings that acrylamides cause gene mutations
leading to a range of cancers in rats, including breast, uterine,
adrenal and scrotum cancers. The British study revealed levels
of acrylamides 1,280 times higher than international safety limits
in fried supermarket potatoes, chips and crisps, such as Walkers
crisps, Ryvita crackers, Kellogg's Rice Crispies and Pringles
crisps. Acrylamides increase damage to the nervous system and
affect fertility.^11 The Swedish report showed that the average
potato chip contains up to 25 times more acrylamides than the
top level allowed in drinking water by the World Health
Organization (WHO). Heating food destroys many health-giving
properties and produces disease-causing toxins that accelerate
bodily deterioration associated with aging processes.

A deleterious array of effects from eating cooked and
processed foods commonly occur within the body. Molecules
degrade and repeatedly collide, causing divalent-bonding that
results in the formation of “new chemical composites". Mucoid-
plaque layers often form in intestines, lymph and blood
structures. A tremendous increase in white blood cells floods the
digestive tract (leukocytosis) trying to harness and neutralize

“An experimental approach to identifyi ng the genotoxic risk by
cooked meat mutagens”, Loprieno N, Boncristiani G, Loprieno G;
Adv Exp Med Biol, 1991; 289:115-31.

(^11) “World alert over cancer chemical in cooked food”, Robert Uhlig,
Food Correspondent, News.telegraph.co.uk, (18 May 2002), United
Kingdom.

(^156) Volume Three t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
toxins. Up to 50% of cooked protein eaten coagulates and
becomes unutilizable and cross-linked. Body-food synergism is
corrupted. High levels of methionine result, promoting the
creation of homocysteine that initiates atherogenic free-
radicals.^12 Extremely caustic waste products result, causing
cumulative congestion that clogs the body’s circulatory systems.
Putrefactive and mutagenic bacteria proliferate, producing more
caustic waste and byproducts (intestinal toxemia) that disrupt
normal actions of the intestinal flora, and are absorbed into
blood, lymph and nerves, causing systemic toxemia. Lipofuscin
accumulates in the skin and nerves, including brain. Water in
food is reduced from 100% utilizable to an average 20%
absorbable and 8% utilizable. Often, excessive overeating or
anorexia results because nutrient-deficient food is unsatisfactory
for our bodies’ requirements. Bio-electromagnetic energies
within food are lost rather than conveyed cellularly.
The following analogy applies to many nutrients, including
fats and minerals that are destroyed by cooking and other food-
treatments: Clay is malleable, pliable, and able to foster growth
of bacteria and plants. When fired, clay becomes hardened and
life-deprived. When cooked, nutrients in food become hardened
and life-deprived. Bones, for example, become brittle, like glass,
and impervious to salivary secretions when they are cooked. If
cooked bones splinter and lodge in a pet’s throat, the splinters
may lacerate and embed, causing the animal to choke to death.
Its saliva cannot penetrate the cauterized bone. If raw bones
splinter, the animal's saliva dissolves it within minutes and the
animal does not suffer any significant suffering or damage.
Most often, animals develop disease from being fed cooked
and processed food, especially food-manufacturing byproducts
and waste, hormones, antibiotics, vaccines and chemicals. If we
become ill from eating diseased meat, such as cattle infected
with mad cow disease, the blame should not be directed toward
bacteria but toward the cattlemen who grow and produce
diseased animals for us to eat. The USDA and FDA is also
responsible; they fail to protect us, making regulations that hurt
(^12) Accumulations of homocysteine have been linked to heart problems.

T h e Science Of Living Healthf u lly 157

the people and make profits for agribusiness. Animals fed
cooked and processed byproducts and wastes, chemicals and
drugs, become diseased if they live long enough. They are
usually slaughtered before disease is apparent. The products
from those animals should only be eaten if a healthier/better
quality of meat is unavailable.

Cooking and processing are not the only ways to damage
food. All methods to eliminate bacteria and parasites and
preserve food (pasteurization, irradiation, freezing, ascorbic acid
and other chemical additives and washes) destroy nutrients and
create toxins. They rob us of nutrients and pollute us.

Research proved that exposing food to high intensity gamma
radiation affected the activity of key enzymes and caused the
depletion of radiation-sensitive, essential nutrients, including the
amino acids l-cysteine, l-histidine, and l-tryptophan, vitamins C,
E and K, B1, B 2, B3, B6 and B12, folic acid, an omega-3, 6 and
9 unsaturated essential fatty acids. Some irradiated minerals in
food become toxically radioactive. Radiation-mutated nutrients
advance aging. Irradiation destroys the health-giving properties
of food and poses public and environmental hazards.

Isolated ascorbic acid, whether used as a preservative or
“Vitamin C” supplement, robs the blood of fat, causing nerve
lesions throughout the body, including the brain and spinal cord.
That often causes irritability and depression. Hydrogen peroxide
burns cells, destroys bacteria and neutralizes many viruses. All
chemicals have proved side-effects, immediate or long-term.
Chemical destruction of helpful virus and bacteria in our food
results in poisoning, often causing anger and/or depression.
Freezing food alters, damages, or destroys most enzymes and
damages many vitamins. In animal tests, animals fed exclusively
uncooked frozen meat developed severe skin problems,
including mange. The other group fed the same diet of the same

(^158) Volume Three t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
meat but unfrozen remained healthy and vibrant. Therefore,
food that is heat-treated, freeze-treated, dehydrated, chemically
preserved, irradiated or processed in any manner that destroys
nutrients and creates toxins is not raw or health-giving.

On this diet, sometimes cholesterol levels radically increase.
That is normal and healthful. As the body removes stored toxic
cholesterol, it often moves it through the blood and out the urine.
The combination of new health-giving cholesterol and the old
toxic stored-in-the-body cholesterol accounts for the increase.
The presence of both cholesterols in high amounts has not posed
harm or threat in any case that I have observed for the last 32
years. When enough raw fats are eaten, the toxic cholesterol
leaves our bodies through our urine, bowels and skin without re-
absorption into the body. When on this diet, a radically high
cholesterol level in the blood is a wonderful indication that toxic
cholesterol has been removed from tissues and is being
eliminated.

Most often, a high intake of raw fat lowers cholesterol levels
in six weeks, but in a few cases, high cholesterol levels continue
for years while health increases. Therefore, I suggest that we
completely ignore cholesterol levels when eating raw fat. Raw
fats continue to exchange ions as long as they are in a warm
living body. Raw animal fats do not cause hardening of the
arteries, osteoporosis, or brittle bones. Cooked and processed
fats cause those diseases, especially processed vegetable, nut and
seed oils.^13

(^13) The Cholesterol Myths; Exposing the Fallacy That Saturated Fat
and Cholesterol Cause Heart Disease by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD;
ISBN 0-9670897-0-0; (2000)

T h e Science Of Living Healthf u lly 159

Processed food is full of food-byproduct toxins, mutilated
minerals, proteins, fats and carbohydrates, and destroyed
enzymes and vitamins. Research has proved that those foods,
when enriched with vitamins, enzymes and other expensive
supplements produce the same diseases that processed and
cooked foods produce.14,^15 Manufacturers sell us the false notion
that enrichment of their processed foods resolves deficiencies
created by processing and makes their product the greatest food
on Earth.

All vitamin supplements are merely portions of the vitamin,
like bran is to a grain. They are not what we are led to believe
they are and will not do what we believe they will do.^16
Supplements are always drugs and not food, even if they are
derived from food. Extraction-processes alter nutrients and
poison them. Once a nutrient is isolated from its bioactive form
and extracted, it is no longer bioactive. If it is not in food form, it
is not raw or bioactive. Pill, powder and liquid supplements are
only 2-12% utilizable, and are 88-98% waste that will be
isolated and eliminated, leeching and usurping our bodies' innate
vital nutrients.

The worst-case example of a toxic supplement is Vitamin E.
Most Vitamin E is the byproduct of the film-development and
film-process industry. Because the chemical waste (tocopheral)
is similar in molecular structure to natural Vitamin E (d-alpha
tocopheral), it is called Vitamin E and sold as a supplement. In
reality, those manufacturers make profits instead of paying
fortunes for the hazardous disposal of their toxic waste. In other
words, profiteers make money by seducing us into purchasing
and ingesting toxic waste. Vice versa, foods rendered into waste

(^14) The Milk Book by William Campbell Douglass, Jr., M.D. (1997).
(^15) The Real Truth About Vitamins & Antioxidants by Judith A.
DeCava, MS, LNC; A Printery, Massachusetts, 2001.
(^16) Ibid.

(^160) Volume Three t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
products after vitamins and other nutrients are chemically
extracted, are then made into foods, such as chips and cereals, or
animal fodder. That subject alone is worth a shelf of books. Even
natural Vitamin E has to be either heat-processed or solvent-
extracted. Heat-processing destroys Vitamin E and solvent-
extraction causes destruction and low-grade poisoning.
Consider doctors’ advice to take iron supplements if iron
level in the blood is below what they think it should be. The
iron-level concept is a seatbelt of the medical/pharmaceutical
industry to hold people into the supplement-vehicle from which
they profit. I have seen repeatedly that iron levels are individual
and have nothing to do with particular diseases or vitality.
Diseases always have their roots in multiple deficiencies and
gross toxicity. See Baby Food/Infant Formula, page 43, for a
case history of an infant who was diagnosed by a medical doctor
with anemia and retardation and who was prescribed iron,
mineral and vitamin supplements.
Mineral absorption and utilization depends upon ion and
electrolyte activity and exchange. When food is cooked or
processed, ions and electrolytes are neutralized and often
separated from minerals and nutrients. Many of the minerals
become free-radicals, including iron, causing cellular destruction
and degeneration, often resulting in infections. Iron supplements
are never ionically or electrolytically active. They are ineffective
and harmful. Free-radical iron that is absorbed into tissue but not
utilized cellularly often rusts in the body causing severe
degeneration. The only way to assure that iron is properly
absorbed and utilized, is to eat raw foods that contain bioactive
iron. A bioactive iron-rich food is raw meat that strengthens
blood, liver, adrenals, pancreas, gallbladder, spleen and muscles.
Massive free-radicals and other toxins store extracellularly
and/or intercellularly. They cannot be converted to cellular food.
Affected areas of the body malfunction or rupture and become
sites of disease.
In the case of very debilitating and painful intestinal Crohn's
disease, several major toxins accumulate in the intestines: Free-

T h e Science Of Living Healthf u lly 161

radicals, acrylamides, AGEs, and heterocyclic amines and other
toxic protein-byproducts and wastes accompanied by cellular
low-fat levels, and caustic bilious byproducts. Those toxins
destroy the intestines’ natural bacterial environment. That
corrupts digestion. Specific vitamin-deficiencies include
Vitamins K and U. Supplemental consumption of those vitamins
is rarely effective because of processing. However, the ingestion
of raw green cabbage juice has proved to be effective toward
healing 90% of ulcerative cases.

Why Do Supplements Seem To Work?

Most pill, powder and liquid supplements create a toxic high
similar to the high created by caffeine, causing a rise of
hormones, such as adrenaline, that buffer, hide or arrest
symptoms without resolving disease and without effecting cure.
Decades of research proved that the body manufactures
adrenaline in response to injury and most poisons that enter the
blood stream. Hormonal rushes and cessation of symptoms are
usually interpreted and marketed as increased health. Therefore,
people think falsely that supplements work to increase health
and cure disease. Like medications, supplements are drugs.

Left to the body’s natural abilities with the present level of
toxicity, most people on cooked diets will heal cancer and other
disease 60% of the time. Many of those cures follow colds, flu,
meningitis or pneumonia (natural detoxifications). Any test for
any product or diet that shows less than 60% recovery is not
only ineffective but also harmful.

Our vitamin, enzyme and mineral supplementation should be
fresh raw green vegetable juices.

Volume Four

In the 1870’s, Louis Pasteur proved that heat-processing
slowed food spoilage and lengthened the shelf life of mold-
damaged wine. He saved vineyard owners from financial loss
and ruin, but he condemned wine drinkers to seasons of toxic
wine produced from unhealthy crops of grapes.

Pasteur presumed that fungus and bacteria caused disease. He
failed to realize that an unhealthy crop succumbed to fungus and
molds. Rather than looking to enrich the soil to generate healthy
grapes, he attacked the fungus and mold that were symptoms of
the unhealthy crop. Diseases, he surmised, originate from
constant types of microbes attacking the body from outside.

Contrary to Pasteur, his contemporary, Dr. Antoine Bechamp,
1816–1908, claimed that disease originates from within the body
because of the destruction of cellular integrity by toxic food and
pollution. He contended that all microbes were beneficial, some
for cleansing, some for maintenance and others for regeneration,
but that none were responsible for causing disease.

I suppose that because we are a warring society, we ignored
Bechamp and embraced Pasteur. Maybe it was easier for us to
believe that we could recognize and battle invading forces rather
than consider changing our life styles. Regardless, modern
medicine’s justification for microbial wars is based on
speculation, fear and pseudoscience.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 163
Louis Pasteur made the “germ theory” famous but he killed it
on his deathbed. Many reports said that some of his dying words
were:
Pathogens are not the problem. The
environment in which and on which
pathogens feed is the problem of disease.
That means that the cause of disease is the quality of our air,
food and all substances with which we come in contact.
Louis Pasteur’s dying words were lost because
philanthropists, people in government and pharmaceutical
houses lobbied and funded the research to plan and fight a war
against germs (microbes). Those who joined the microbial war
were intellectuals, mainly academics, who were excited by the
opportunity to prove the germ theory and once and for all to win
a battle against disease. However, instead of conducting
experiments to prove or disprove any validity to the theory, they
accepted the theory to be as true as the law of gravity.
Through Pasteur’s work, the new medical scientists of the
time gained respect and quickly seized the opportunity to root in
academia. Consequently, our science does not understand how
disease develops. Medical science is obsessed with studying
cellular particles without understanding the basic nature and
relationship of the body holistically. They established an arsenal
of weapons. They created drugs and tools of diagnoses, surgery
and radiation. The original intention to defeat disease became
rhetoric. The new intention became profit.
Medical science readily wages war in our bodies, treating the
symptoms of disease with drugs, surgery, chemotherapy,
radiation and machines. This treatment of symptoms, rather than
the causes of disease, has proved to imbalance body chemistry
and has filled our bodies with toxins. Most often, those toxins
cause loss of quality of life and more disease. The foundation
and structure of modern medicine is disease, not wellness.
Humanity suffers from disease because we do not focus on
rational cure and prevention.

(^164) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
We have libraries based on Pasteur’s point of view, so let’s
look at information that supports and proves the accuracy of Dr.
Bechamp’s work. In the early 1900’s, German zoologist Günther
Enderlein observed through a powerful dark-field microscope,
hundreds of tiny moving beings in blood that entered into union
with organized bacteria. Enderlein stated that in the serum of all
people and warm-blooded animals, there are living
microorganisms that often are called the “bug factory”. He
properly named them endobionts, meaning “internal life”.
Enderlein saw what Bechamp believed existed: That all
microbes beneficially partake in a natural developmental cycle,
changing into bacterial and fungal phases, including those
misnamed as “pathogens”. It is a modern-day tragedy that
Bechamp’s work has not been funded and tested rigorously.

Most medical doctors have studied 0 to 16 hours of nutrition
in premedical and medical school. Whether we consider Sloan
Kettering, Johns Hopkins, Mayo, Beth Israel, or the Cleveland
Clinic, the knowledge base of food and nutrition, its efficacy,
and the funding of testing are virtually non-existent. If modern
medicine does not understand the cause of disease, how can it
elevate our health? We cannot be medically treated without
compromising our health and most often the quality of our lives.

To illustrate how irrational much of modern medicine is,
consider that today’s biotechnology has produced 791 anticancer
agents. None of them are designed to eliminate the causes of
cancer. Trillions of dollars have been spent on cancer, yet
medicine has not invented any effective “therapy” that does not
have serious side-effects. Modern medical therapies fail
miserably, with an overall survival rate of approximately 17%
beyond 5 years.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 165
Through the media, the pharmaceutical industry and scientific
community keep us believing that someday they will sell us a
magic potion that will create a super immune system and a
disease-free environment in the human body. Although that
scenario is extremely improbable, people continue to fund and
believe in them. More likely, we will reflect from a future time
upon the human body’s poisoning by today’s medical therapies
similar to the way we viewed the practice of bloodletting in the
20th Century. Future science will probably condemn today’s
paradigm of modern medicine for being exactly what it is:
Ignorance, lack of education, and unwillingness to fund natural
research into the cause and prevention of disease. The change is
likely to be difficult because cancer is big business, trillions of
dollars each year.^17
Today's medical science tries to prevent microbes rather than
pollution from entering our bodies. It attempts to cleanse
Nature's ubiquitous microbes from the body and environment
rather than cleanse us of toxins. They annihilate rather than
nurture our cells with the liveliest nutrient- and bacteria-rich raw
food. Our mechanical sciences are brilliant but our life-sciences
are stuck in a quagmire of delusion, pride and greed. Nurturing
is the wisest approach to prevent and reverse disease. Nurturing
maintains and/or restores the highest quality of a fully enjoyable
rich life, even if we live in simplicity.

Let’s look at some animals who lived their entire lives
without degenerative disease. Dr. Francis Pottenger, M.D.,
demonstrated in his tests with 900 domesticated cats, over a
decade, that cats developed strong bones when they were fed
raw dairy and raw meat, without the consumption of bones.

(^17) “AN EPIDEMIC of Deception; We Can't Trust The Cancer
Establishment; An Interview With Dr. Samuel Epstein” by Derrick
Jensen; The Sun magazine; March, 2000.

(^166) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Also, he found that sick domesticated cats with osteoporosis
reversed the disease when they were fed raw meat and raw milk.
Edward Howell repeated the same clinical tests with rats and
received the same results. The records we have of animals that
have lived without degenerative disease shows that they enjoyed
a non-toxic environment and ate a raw diet that suited their
digestive abilities.
In the 1860’s, dental decay first appeared among the Eskimo
people, occurring only in Eskimos who lived in white man’s
colonies, eating breads and sugar. The first case of cancer among
Eskimos occurred in 1934. Like dental decay, cancer appeared
only among second- and later generations of Eskimos who ate
breads, sugar and cooked food for nearly a century.
In his book Cancer : Disease Of Civilization? , Chapter 14,
“The Longevity Of ‘Primitive’ Eskimos,” Vilhjalmur Stefansson
stated that there was only one community of Eskimo reported to
have had a short life span. That report has been used to
propagandize that Eskimos lived short lives because of their
predominately raw animal-food diet. In all other reports,
“primitive” Eskimos lived as long as we do, with the same
percentage of people exceeding the age of 100 years. Eskimos
who ate their normal raw diet enjoyed teeth so strong that they
chewed on bones during evening congregations. Osteoporosis
only occurred in Eskimos who ate cooked, refined foods. If you
placed average civilized humans of the 21st Century in the
Alaskan environment, equipped with the same skills and
required to live as the primitive Eskimo did, most would die
within one winter’s climatic exposure.

Two factors cause the rampant, modern progression of
afflictions such as cancer, diabetes, osteoporosis, obesity and
heart disease. The first factor is eating cooked and/or processed

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 167
food that is devoid of unadulterated nutrients and full of the
toxic byproducts of cooking, pesticides and other chemicals.
The second factor is environmental pollution. The industrial
and chemical revolutions have created over 6,000 bizarre foreign
chemicals that our bodies have not succeeded in processing as
food or air. Toxic accumulations within our bodies cause more
deterioration. Some chemicals cause immediate death, but most
cause the gradual degeneration that leads to poor-quality health
and disease. The dithiocarbamates are a group of fungicides
including mancozeb, metiram, zineb and ziram which have a
metabolite called ethylene thiourea (ETU). This breakdown
product is a known endocrine-disruptor, carcinogen, mutagen
and teratogen, and can become concentrated when food is
processed and heated. In other words, if you cook a vegetable
that has been sprayed with mancozeb (the most common), you
will be increasing the amount of that dangerous metabolite.^18
In New Zealand, over 60% of the 138 samples of fruits and
vegetables analyzed for dithiocarbamates in the latest total diet
(^18) Age and Susceptibility to Toxic Substances, Calabrese, E.J. 1986,
New York: John Wiley & Sons.
“Anthropological approach to the evaluation of preschool children
exposed to pesticides in Mexico”, Guillette, E.A.et al 1998,
Environmental Health Perspectives 106: 237-347. In: Watts, M. 2000:
Endocrine disruption: a case for the precautionary approach. Soil &
Health March/April.
Eating Safely in a Toxic World: What really is in the food we eat,
Kedgley, S. et al 1998, Penguin NZ.
“Effect of a mixture of 15 commonly used pesticides on DNA levels
of 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine and xenobiotic metabolizing enzymes
in rat liver”, Lodovic, M. et al, 1994, Journal of Environmental
Pathology, Toxicology and Oncology 13: 3, pp163-168.
Food Additives. Penguin Books, Millstone, Erik, 1986
Introduction. In: Mourin, J (ed), Nair, K.P. & Mourin, J, 1999,
Warning: Pesticides are Dangerous to Your Health! Pesticide Action
Network Asia and the Pacific, Penang.
Pesticides in the diets of infants and children, Nair, K.P. & Mourin,
J, 1999, Washington: National Academy Press.
“The physiological susceptibility of children to pesticides”, Whya tt,
R., 1993, Journal of Pesticide Reform 9:3, pp5-9.

(^168) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
survey contained dithiocarbamates. The 17 fruits and vegetables
that ranked highest, in order according to occurrence and mean
dithiocarbamate-concentration were broccoli, cabbage, tomato,
celery, lettuce, onion, cucumber, apple, orange, mushroom,
potato, courgette, kumara, nectarine, pear, capsicum and
kiwifruit. Levels are worse in the USA because more chemicals
are used.
Chemical risk assessments are generally based on animal
tests. Scientists disagree about the reliability of the tests in
assessing the effects pesticides will have on humans for a
lifetime. Because of the inexact nature of toxicology, precise and
unequivocal risk assessments for some substances are difficult.
Over time, our knowledge about particular substances increases
and technology and testing methods become more sophisticated.
The result is that acceptable daily intakes (ADI) become
unacceptable, as in the case of the pesticide DDT. As the current
concentration of agribusiness-favorable public servants ruling
the FDA, USDA and CDC^19 increases, we are more endangered
every day.
International regulatory agencies concede that the concept of
an ADI is a crude way of assessing toxicity. There is no
scientific justification for choosing a safety factor of 100 rather
than 75 or even 10. Professor Erik Millstone argued that it is a
random guess chosen for political rather than scientific reasons
and is nonsense in the real world.^20 We should not be subjected
to any level of health-disruptive chemicals.
(^19) Federal Drug Administration, US Department of Agriculture and
Center for Disease Control.
(^20) “Pesticides In Food: Why Go Organic, Analysis of New Zealand's
latest Total Diet Survey”, Alison White, Pesticide Action Network
NZ/ Safe Food Campaign, Wellington, NZ, (Millstone 1986).

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 169

Today there are several astute scientists challenging the
postulate that bacteria are the threat. Before the Los Angeles
County Medical Milk Commission, Dr. Marc Harmon, a dentist,
stated that his medical education trained him to blame disease
and decay on bacteria and virus. He stated that the genocide of
microbes has not reduced dental decay any more than it has
reduced dis ease in general. Disease continues to increase at an
astounding rate. Science, medicine and technology have waged a
horrific war against microbes, while tooth decay and other
diseases continue to overwhelm and devastate our lives. Dr.
Harmon concluded that the war against microbes is futile in
eradicating disease.

William Campbell Douglass, Jr., M.D., presented numerous
scientific reports showing that raw milk is not a bacterial risk,
even when abundant with “pathogenic” activity, and that raw
milk helps the body develop strong bones free of osteoporosis.
(See pages 180-186).

At the University of Utah, John R. Roth, Professor of
Biology, studied salmonella for 40 years. He stated that
salmonella is mostly reported as a pathogen but lives
beneficially as part of the gut flora.^21 He believes that the idea of
eliminating it is absurd because salmonella is distributed widely.
Rarely does it get across the gut wall. When it does, it is simply
an irritation at the gut wall. Symptoms can range from loose
stools to flu-like symptoms. The idea of eradicating microbes
like salmonella is ludicrous because they are everywhere, in
your nose, mouth, on your skin and pets.

The University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences and the
Arkansas Children's Hospital did a study of 50 Arkansas homes

(^21) The Great Egg Panic , LA Times, Jan. 4, 2000.

(^170) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
where salmonella-infected children lived. They found that
salmonella was widespread with concentrations in 38% of the
homes on unsuspected places, such as doorsteps, vacuum
cleaners, refrigerators, and a pet lizard.^22
The questions we beg to have answered are these: Are the
microbes activated in a nontoxic environment? Are the microbes
active because they are doing a beneficial job? If they are, they
are supposed to be in our bodies. If we change our life style to
improve our internal environment, will the microbes still become
active?
Los Angeles Times researcher Emily Green wrote that her
foray through Salmonella literature from present to the early
1940s revealed that what was perfectly legitimate speculation in
the last 12 years by CDC doctors concerning the possible origin
of Salmonella enteritis transmogrified into fact once their
speculations were stated in political reports. CDC speculation
concerning Salmonella enteritis remains unproved.^23 Ms Green
stated that most of what appears in scientific and medical
journals is guesswork. That explains the recent reversal over
cholesterol in eggs - that egg-cholesterol is now benign, or may
be favorable. They do not know. Yet, the CDC is the most
influential health department in the world. Its doctors influence
most of the decisions that affect everyone. As I stated, they are
driven by fear, speculation and junk science.

During the last 25 years, I have seen hundreds of “incurable”,
life-threatening, degenerative diseases reverse and heal by

(^22) “Salmonella Bacteria Often Lurks Close By”; Richmond Times
Dispatch , July 19, 1999.
(^23) The Great Egg Panic , LA Times, Jan. 4, 2000.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 171
people eating a raw diet that was mainly raw animal foods. I
have experienced a continuing series of events in which
degenerative tissue (cancer, etc.) disappeared within days, weeks
or months following bacterial, viral and parasitic infestations.
My body's environment has become increasingly healthier over
time because of the invaluable assistance of microbial activity,
including pathogenic. And yet, science and the medical industry
consider me greatly “at risk”.
In a test project, Jon Monroe, Director, New Science, tried “to
avoid diseases caused by viruses. The assumption was that
viruses were pathogens and should be avoided.” But, after
employing techniques to prevent virus production in test
individuals, each of the subjects became and remained clinically
depressed for one year. When viruses were allowed to flourish
again, symptoms of depression disappeared, and colds and flu
returned. Monroe realized that it was better to have
detoxifications in the form of periodic colds and flu rather than
constant depression. They play a crucial role in hea lth,
symbiotically.24,^25
The microscience that studies “pathogens” is relatively new
(50 years) and flawed. Newer research (20 years) has been and is
being performed, proving that “pathogens” are responsible for
the reversal of cancer, and possibly for cancer prevention. As
part of her doctoral studies at the University of Toronto, Canada,
Dr. Sara Arab injected verotoxin, a bacterial byproduct from E.
coli, directly into human malignant brain tumors. After a single
injection, the verotoxin completely dissolved both the tumors
and their blood vessels within 2-7 days.^26 Dr. K. Brooks Lowe of
(^24) Symbiosis: Unlike organisms living harmoniously and beneficially
together.
(^25) Strange Attractor, Volume 2, Number 1, A News Letter of
Alternative Science and Medicine; http://www.newscience.santa-
fe.nm.us/strange.htm
(^26) “Verotoxin Induces Apoptosis and the Complete, Rapid, Long-Term
Elimination of Human Astrocytoma Xen ografts in Nude Mice” by S.
Arab, J. Rutka, and C. Lingwood; Oncology Research , Vol. 11, pp. 33-
39, 1999.

(^172) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Yale University reported that researchers used salmonella to
reverse cancer.
Many universities in Canada have been developing cancer
treatment using viruses to penetrate cancer cells and dissolve
them for decades. Many tests have been successful. Oncologist
Don Morris at Calgary's Tom Baker Cancer Centre said, "It's
common to hear that cancer patients who pick up a virus get a
regression of their disease." Several of the universities that have
jumped on the viral bandwagon are Havensack Medical School
in New Jersey, Stanford is using the common cold virus,
Harvard is using a herpes virus, Duke University is using a
weakened polio virus, Mayo Clinic is using a measles virus. The
projected retail price of an injection to the patient will be $8,000.
I suggest that we get colds or flu, eat high meat regularly and
pay nothing.
Even though virus therapy has been successful, many of the
patients now suffer with chronic viral symptoms. That is what
happens if you treat the disease without understanding and
correcting the cause. Dr. Patrick Lee from Duke University
observed that viruses penetrate and dissolve unhealthy cells. So,
the question to be answered is: What makes cells unhealthy?
For the answer, read pages 166-168.
Robert and Michele Root-Bernstein cited in their book
Honey, Mud, Maggots and Other Medical Marvels , that for
hundreds of centuries, various worldwide cultures ingested
bacteria and molds for medicinal purposes. The Hunza (one of
the world’s longest-lived people), certain Eskimo, Fulani, Masai
and Samburu tribes of Africa regularly ingest “pathogens”. The
Hunza and Fulani drink salmonella and E. coli daily in their raw
milk. Eskimo tribes bury their meat in hides for up to six weeks.
The bacteria-infested meat, called “high meat”, is ingested to
elevate the mood, eliminate aches and pains, and increase
endurance. None of the primitive tribes have degenerative
diseases. A number of raw food eaters in the USA and
worldwide regularly ingest bacteria-infested food for those
purposes. The Chinese successfully used “century” eggs for
remedies and disease prevention, and as an aphrodisiac. Century

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 173
eggs are decomposed eggs aged up to 25 years with high-
bacteria concentrations and molds.
The supposition that the elderly, infants and ill people are
more susceptible to harm from “pathogens” is speculation and
false. I have observed that in most cases in which so-called “at-
risk” individuals ate bacterially rich, aged and decaying raw
food, they regained health of their bowels, digestion, glands,
sanity, and in many cases, reversed disease. It worked favorably
in all situations with only 6 people in 32 experiencing minor
loose bowels, nausea and/or vomit. Those people considered
their temporary discomfort well worth the long-lasting beneficial
results. Content tests of diarrhea and vomit showed high levels
of a variety of toxic substances that were not part of the food or
byproducts. The tests results indicated that those toxins already
existed in the patients’ bodies and were being flushed from their
bodies.
Parasites are the most feared of “pathogens”. Parasites, too,
have a symbiotic relationship with our bodies. They consume
and digest tremendous quantities of degenerative tissue in short
periods. Joel Weinstock, a gastroenterologist who heads a
research team at the University of Iowa stated that we are the
first population to be without gut worms. He asked six patients
with very painful, intrac table infla mmatory bowel disease to
drink the eggs of Trichurissuis, a whipworm parasite normally
found in the intestines of pigs. Within two weeks, five of the six
patients entered remission for up to five months. The patients
begged for more parasites. Weinstock noted that intestinal
problems are increasing in animals because they are kept too
clean. Pigs and monkeys raised in sterile pens and cages are
getting diseased.
Parasites afford us the quickest process of organic
detoxification. Parasites are a problem only if an individual does
not readily reproduce cells. Meaning, they do not replace the
degenerative cells consumed by parasites. In such a case, ulcers
could result and fester, causing numerous problems including
death. Eating raw meats with raw fats prevents ulceration by
providing the nutrients necessary to support quick cellular

(^174) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
reproduction following the tremendously beneficial detoxi-
fication precipitated by parasites.
If an individual eats foods or chemicals that cause gross
destruction and decay (degenerative tissue), she or he will be
less able to tolerate parasitic and bacterial detoxifications. If he
or she eliminates chemicals, pollution, and destructive foods, he
or she will stop adding to the problems that make parasitical and
microbial detoxification necessary. To facilitate the removal of
degenerative tissue, people can eat “high” meat, meaning that
the meat is high in bacteria, and that it makes people's spirits
high. For high-meat recipe, see page 149.
Although the germ-theory has been predominantly disproved,
modern medicine continues to uphold it.

There have been medical reports that stated microbial food-
poisoning as cause of death. In most cases, the reports described
symptoms of anaphylaxis,^27 or drug-damage/poisoning, rather
than bacterial food-poisoning. On a rare occasion, someone has
died from dehydration and/or excessive bleeding caused by a
ruptured stomach or bowel from violent vomit or diarrhea.
“Pathogens” are sometimes found in the presence of diarrhea
and vomit but have not been proved the cause.

Any foreign substance that causes traumatic allergic reactions
causes anaphylaxis. Anaphylaxis is a very common response to
injected antibiotics and vaccines. The people who were reported
as having died of bacterial food-poisoning probably died of the
medical treatment from antibiotics and/or other medication. E.

(^27) Anaphylaxis is a severe allergic reaction to anything, usually
medication.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 175
coli 157:H7 has been blamed for Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome
(HUS) and kidney failure, but the claim has not been proved.
The treatment of bacterial infection involves the use of drugs
containing poisons, such as thimerosal (mercury). Research has
proved that mercury causes HUS-like symptoms, kidney and
neurological damage. The antibiotic Cipro has been linked to
kidney degeneration. Drugs damage kidney cells setting the
stage for virus and bacteria to dissolve or consume them. The
medical treatments for bloody diarrhea are probably the major
cause of HUS and kidney failure. Of the hundreds of “at risk”
people on the Primal Diet who experienced vomit and bloody
diarrhea, not one suffered glandular or organ damage. They did
not take any medication or medical therapy. Also, antibiotics
affect heart, lungs and central nervous system. Most often, it is
the drug treatment that causes some deaths in cases diagnosed as
bacterial food-poisoning. Scientific inquiry needs to be
thorough. However, that research is not likely to occur because it
would open a flood of lawsuits against doctors, hospitals and
pharmaceuticals.
People are afraid to eat pathogens, bacteria and parasites even
though all wild animals eat them without ill-consequence. Even
if “pathogens” were a real danger, they are here among us. A
few people may be harshly affected by “pathogens” but most
will not. As some people will die during common colds and
automobile accidents, most will not. The attack on, kangaroo-
trial and lynching of “pathogens” in our foods, bodies and
households are scientifically wrong and dangerous.
Immunity is likely to arise if we ingest bacteria the way all
other animals do. But people are afraid to eat bacteria called
pathogens, especially E. coli. No other animal except the
civilized human washes itself or its food before eating. All
animals eat feces full of E. coli except civilized man. No animal
experiences bacterial food-poisoning except us. Do wild animals
naturally eat small amounts of feces for the bacteria and
parasites as a cancer preventative? The tests at all of the
universities mentioned, indicate that they do. Edward Howel’s
experiments proved that rats who ate cooked and processed food
and naturally ate their feces had less severe dis eases and lived a
third longer than those who did not eat their feces.

(^176) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
A friend of mine, who I will call Jean, suffered from chronic
fatigue syndrome for 8 years, cancer of the right breast, hipbone,
left kidney and adrenal gland (before we met to discuss the diet).
She was lucky to work 6 hours per week. She progressed on the
Primal Diet slowly for 2½ years. Jean’s body completely
softened and dissolved all of her many breast tumors but the
others showed little shrinkage.
Finally, because her cancer was so advanced, I shared with
Jean the results of tests using E. coli and other bacterium to
dissolve tumors. Jean asked where she could get the bacterium. I
explained that E. coli is natural to bowels and could be
consumed in feces from any healthy animal. I explained that
other bacteria could be grown on high meat. She did not want to
wait to grow bacteria on high meat, so she pursued feces.
Jean consumed 2 ounces by volume the first time from a
healthy herbivore. That is not much, considering that some tribal
members eat an entire load from a water buffalo at one sitting.
However, within two months, all of her tumors shrunk by 15%.
Since that time, she has consumed some feces from gopher,
goats, sheep, chicken and duck. She is cautious with the quantity
she eats and has not consumed more than half a cup at a time.
She did not incur much diarrhea. Jean’s tumors have shrunk 60%
in the 2 years since she began eating a little feces every 3 to 4
months. Most tumor-shrinkage occurs in the 4 weeks following
ingestion of feces or high meat.
Jean is completely physically and mentally active. She is
vigorous. Now, she lives rather primitively on a self-sustainable
farm. She performs hard and continuous labor daily. She loves
having her health and new-found strength.
We must measure which is the greater risk: Is it more
perilous to eat raw food, get healthier and accept rare minor
diarrhea and/or vomit, or to eat cooked and processed food,
develop deficiencies, collect toxicity, develop disease, and
experience occasional-to-frequent, mild-to-severe, diarrhea and
vomit?

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 177
When I develop detoxifications in the form of vomit or
diarrhea, my chances of living are greater if I eat properly, stay
completely away from terrorist medical advice and treatments,
and let it run its course, as with a cold or flu. Usually, any
intestinal bleeding easily stops within hours of drinking 8 ounces
of fresh, raw, green cabbage juice.

The assumption and false premise is that microbes labeled
“pathogens” are always harmful and must be eradicated. Health-
department officials are in the cerebral dark ages. They are
prejudiced against microorganisms labeled “pathogen”, and have
based their raw food restrictions on prejudicial correlations,
erroneous statistics and pseudoscience. Most doctors, scientists
and health department employees maintain one-sided views of
the “pathogen” and “bacterial food-poisoning” controversies.
They ignore existing data that proves pasteurization does not
provide food safety nor prevent disease, but causes disease.
Their adherence to the mind-set against the virtues of microbes
called pathogens does not make rational sense and produces poor
judgment in policy-making.

Peoples’ fears of loss, injury and the unknown have always
been at the heart of medicine and food regulation. Consequently,
we attack our bodies and food as if they were inherently
dangerous. Our collective approach in this life, then, has been to
make war within and outside of ourselves to survive and thrive.
It has proved to be a futile approach to health and life.

The virtues of attaining zero exposure to “pathogens” cannot
be proved to exist, yet people believe in pursuing that goal. Zero
exposure to “pathogens” is not possible anyway, because they
are everywhere. Making threshold-extrapolations to generate
quantitative-risk estimates is pseudoscience. Using the
impossible criteria of zero exposure to bacteria in order to

(^178) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
estimate risk is pseudoscience. Existing regulatory policy is
based on a better-safe-than-sorry premise. In the real world of
everyday practicalities where common-sense decisions are
needed, better-safe-than-sorry is simply ignorance and a morally
bankrupt posture.
There is nothing “better” about the illusion of “food safety”
when it results in people using scapegoats - “pathogens” - in
place of scientifically verifiable causes of actual harm. The
conviction that one individual's right to absolute protection
should preempt the well-being of others is poor social planning,
especially if the protection of the minority harms the majority.
Government regulators are not responding to what is actually
harming people. They pander to imaginary issues that frighten
people and themselves. We must be brave against the FDA,
USDA, CDC and health-department officials and employees.
We do not need to fear political or social pressure, third party
judgments, or the disinterest of our peers when discussing this
paradigm. This is vital information to our individual and
collective lives. It is devastating that we have virtually lost our
raw food supply that is our primal link to optimal health.
Government regulators must be educated and laws criminalizing
and/or penalizing the sale of raw food must be reversed
immediately.
To change the laws in your city, county and state, see the
Right To Choose Healthy Food^28 website: http://www.rawmilk.org

The last equation in this problem is the vested money and
corporate interests concerned with product shelf life, medics,
pharmaceuticals and agri-chemicals that fuel microbe-hysteria.

(^28) Right To Choose Healthy Food is a not-for-profit organization based
in Santa Monica, California. See page 186-189.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 179
The food industry wants pasteurization, chemical washes,
antibacterials and irradiation because their products will have a
longer shelf life, reducing their costs by slowing spoilage. They
care much more about their products, costs and profits than they
do about our health. Almost all of them encourage government
officials to pass laws mandating compulsive pasteurization and
irradiation, yet industry tells us that the government is to blame
for industry producing and supplying more toxic products.

“Pathogens” are to the body what vultures, crow s a nd a nts are to the
Earth. They are a few of the Earth’s janitors. They find carcasses and ea t
them. Without the Earth’s janitors, our a ir w ould be in jeopar dy o f
be coming toxic gas in which animals could not thrive. “Pathogens” are
our bodies’ helpful, organic, in ner-ecological recycling or ganisms
that help us thrive.

As our houses must be taken apart to be renovated after
becoming dilapidated, so must our bodies. According to Dr.
Elnora Van Winkle, retired biochemical neuroscientist from the
Department of Psychiatry at New York University’s School of
Medicine, “pathogens” are the clean-up and demolition crews
for degenerative conditions.^29 They appear as a response, not as
the cause. “Pathogens” respond to decay within the body,
reversing or preventing disease that is more serious. They are the
fi rst stage of the cure, the cleansing stage. Eliminating
pathogens, such as salmonella, campylobacter and E. coli, and
parasites forces decaying tissue to remain in the body,
endangering the inner body environment. Our bodies gradually
get sicker.

We must comprehend that bacteria are absolutely
everywhere. Our bodies rely upon microbes for every healthy

(^29) Letter To The Editor, Health Science Magazine , February 1999.

(^180) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
function. As in all wars, there are untold casualties. Lands are
blown to pieces, people are maimed, poisoned, devastated and
exterminated. Financial resources of the majority of people
vanish in explosions and are vaporized by technology. Recovery
for people and the environment is long and hard, taking decades,
if it occurs at all. The maimed live maimed. The dead are dead.
When we make war on germs, the battlegrounds are our
bodies. We are the casualties, our cells, ourselves. Our finances
are drained and exhausted on a war we cannot win. Such wars
enrich the wallets of doctors, chemists, investors, employees of
pharmaceutical houses, retail outlets, hospitals, insurance
companies, health departments and every industry that provides
supplies and services all of them.
Imagine spending 1/6 of our resources and 1/3 of every day
attacking a necessary torrential storm that cannot be stopped
without long-term devastation. Imagine losing everything we
own to support that unnecessary and futile war. That is what we
do when we try to live pathogen-free by attacking our bodies
rather than changing our life-styles. If we do not want disease
and their symptoms, we simply need to live a life-style that does
not make our bodies into huge feeding lots for microbes.
We have the answer to what makes us sick and that is the
biological degeneration that results from eating cooked and
processed foods, and exposure to industrial, environmental and
therapeutic pollution, including medications. The more waste
and pollution we have in our bodies, the more symptoms of
degeneration we suffer. Should we teach how to prevent and
reverse disease, or should we spend our lives in fear, fighting
futile microbial wars? My choice is to live without disease.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 181
Consistent with most doctors’ modern beliefs, they prescribe
food and therapies for infants and children that have created
disease in our children. Unscientific propaganda issues from
them constantly. They say that raw milk is dangerous for infants,
causing bacterial food-poisoning and death without one credible
scientific experiment to support that theory. I present to you
many published reports from the first 5 decades after pasteurized
and processed milks were introduced to the public. They prove
that feeding infants pasteurized or processed milk is dangerous
and causes disease. They prove that feeding infants raw milk is
safe and healthful.
In 1984, William Campbell Douglass, Jr., M.D., presented
considerable clinical evidence to the world that drinking
pasteurized milk resulted in degrees of osteoporosis and bone
malformation, diabetes, and many other diseases. Also, he
provided clinical evidence from the same sources that drinking
raw milk reversed osteoporosis, bone malformation, diabetes and
many other diseases. He cited the findings of studies
documented at the following universities and clinics: Harvard,
Princeton, Cambridge, Dartmouth, Tufts, the Washington
University School of Medicine, the University of Georgia Dairy
Science Department, the Ohio State University School of
Agricultural Chemistry, and Mayo Clinic of Minnesota.
He presented testimony confirming those findings from the
following medical journals and publications: The Lancet ,
JAMA , World Cancer Research Fund journal, American Journal
of Clinical Nutrition , New England Journal of Medicine , Br itish
Medical Journal , Consumer Reports , Consumer’s Union ,
Hartford’s prestigious St. Vincent’s Hospital Report , Certified
Milk Magazine , American Association of Medical Milk
Commission Report , Milk Industry Foundation Report , and The
Price Pottenger Nutrition Foundation Newsletter.
Colic is a concern with infants who are fed pasteurized milk.
One of every five babies suffers colic. Pediatricians learned in
the early 1900s that pasteurized cows’ milk was often the reason.
A more recent study linked pasteurized cow’s milk consumption
to chronic constipation in children. Those researchers observed

(^182) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
that pasteurized milk consumption resulted in perianal sores and
severe pain during defecation, leading to constipation.^30
Dr. Francis Pottenger, Jr., MD observed several infants. They
were born of mothers known to be hypothyroid. Prior to the birth
of those infants, the mothers had given birth to children within
three years. Each of the previous children suffered asthma,
infantile rickets, and skeletal underdevelopment. In one
experiment, the baby girl that had been fed formulas since birth
was always sickly. The formulas included powdered milk,
pasteurized milk, boiled milk, boiled certified milk and canned
milk. She suffered severe gastric distress during her infancy.
When she was 8-months young, she developed asthma. She was
undersized, considering her parents had large builds. Contrarily,
the healthy child was breast fed from birth. The mother drank
raw milk and lived under excellent health-promoting
conditions.^31
Dr. Weston Price, D.D.S., proved fifty years ago that
processed milk leads to disease and premature death.^32 He also
showed that processed food, such as pasteurized milk, causes
poor development of facial bones. Nizel of Tufts University
reported that decayed teeth were four times more common in
pasteurized-milk-fed babies as opposed to raw-milk-fed babies.
Dr. A. F. Hess wrote in his abstracts that pasteurized milk
was an incomplete food. He proved that many infants developed
scurvy on a diet of pasteurized milk. The form of scurvy took
some months to develop and was termed subacute. He
considered it not only the most common form of scurvy but also
the one that passes most often unrecognized.^33 The infants were
cured of scurvy when raw milk was substituted. Regarding his
(^30) Iacono G, Cavataio F, Montalto G, et al. “Intolerance of cow’s milk
and chronic constipation in children” N Engl J Med 1998;339:110-4.
(^31) “Clinical and experimental evidence of growth factors in raw milk”,
Certified Milk, January, 1937.
(^32) Nutrition and Human Degeneration, Price-Pottenger Nutrition
Foundation, La Mesa, California.
(^33) Infantile Scurvy. III. Its influence on growth (length and weight),
Am. J. Dis. Child., August, 1916.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 183
tests, he stated that, taken in conjunction with the fact that they
fed the same number of infants on raw milk as pasteurized milk,
cases of scurvy did not develop in infants on raw milk. He stated
that their test-results were suffi cient to warrant the deduction
that pasteurized milk is a causative factor in infant scurvy.
Dr. Pottenger proved there is deficiency disease similar to
Vitamin C deficiency (scurvy) that can be cured by giving an
endocrine product that contains no Vitamin C. He proved that
raw milk naturally contains that endocrine nutrient and that
pasteurized milk does not. He proved that raw milk reversed
and prevented scurvy.
Stefansson, an anthropologist working for the U.S.
government, reported that an artic sea-captain who ingested high
amounts of Vitamin C did not reverse his scurvy. After the
captain ate raw meat for several days, he completely healed.^34 It
was reported in 1942 that grazing cows produced as much
Vitamin C as does the entire citrus crop, and that most of it is
lost as the result of pasteurization.^35
In Berlin prior to 1901, rarely was there a case of infant
scurvy. In 1901, a large dairy established a pasteurization plant
in which all milk was raised to a temperature of about 140° F
(60° C). After an interval of months, infantile scurvy was
reported from various sources throughout the city.^36 Neumann
recorded that he and two other doctors had seen only 32 cases of
scurvy from 1896 to 1900. He reported that the number of cases
suddenly rose to 83 cases in 1901 and 1902. An investigation
was made as to the cause. Pasteurization was discontinued. The
number of cases decreased as quickly as they had increased.^37
Neumann also reported that the case s of infantile scurvy were
marked by susceptibility to infection, abdominal cramps, nasal
(^34) Harper's Magazine, November/December, 1925 & January 1936,
from the Stefansson Collection, Dartmouth College.
(^35) Proc. Nat. Nut. Conf. for Defense, May 14, Federal Sea Agency,
pp. 176; U.S. Government Pat. Off., 1942.
(^36) Newmann, H., Deutsch. Klin., 7:341, 1904
(^37) Ibid.

(^184) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
diphtheria, furunculosis of the skin, and pneumonia in advanced
cases.^38
Dr. Hess reported that milk-pasteurization that was intended
to prevent humans from getting diseases that cows sometimes
develop was a waste. He further reported from his observations
and tests that infants fed pasteurized milk easily developed
common diseases. He stated that deaths from those common
diseases should have been attributed to the defective nature of
pasteurized milk.^39 Humans do not get bovine undulant fever nor
does it naturally transmute into human undulant fever. There is
no credible data that proves otherwise.
Dr. J.E. Crewe, from the Mayo Foundation, Minnesota,
reported the therapeutic uses of raw milk in 1923. He stressed,
from his experiments, that the key-factor was the feeding of raw
milk. He stated that while raw milk is widely used and
recommended as an article of diet, physicians seldom use it as an
agent in the treatment of disease. For 15 years, he employed the
raw-milk-diet treatment in various diseases and obtained
“uniformly excellent” healing results. Dr. Crewe witnessed rapid
improvement in his patients with advanced cases of pulmonary
tuberculosis when he utilized raw-milk therapy. That was ironic,
considering that tuberculosis of the time was blamed on raw
milk. Hippocrates used raw milk to cure tuberculosis.
Research by Johns Hopkins University and the University of
Maryland found that raw milk contained 2½ times more lgG
enzyme than pasteurized milk. In the presence of higher levels of
lgG, rotavirus that cause diarrhea in infants is not produced.
In 1923, at St. Vincent's hospital in Philadelphia, concern
arose for the high death rate among infants from gastroenteritis.
Dr. Paul B. Cassidy, M.D., recommended raw milk instead of
pasteurized milk. The raw critics panicked, predicting a
catastrophic increase in infant deaths. The death rate in infants
(^38) Ibid.
(^39) Hess, A. F., “Recent advances in knowledge of scurvy and the
antiscorbutic vitamin,” J.A.M.A., April 23, 1932.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 185
from gastroenteritis quickly fell by 94%, from a high of 89 in
1922 to less than 5 per year.^40
Destin was a child who developed asthma as an infant on
baby formulas, suffered near-fatal attacks yearly, grew frail,
weak, underdeveloped, extremely small for his age, and was on
regular medication. Dr. Douglass treated him, at the age of nine,
by feeding him raw milk. In six weeks, Destin stopped wheezing
for the first time in his life. Destin grew rapidly on the raw-milk
treatment, living a normal life thereafter.^41
A Dutch chemist, Willem J. Van Wagtendork at Oregon State
College, proved that pasteurized dairy creates calcification and
stiffness. He found that guinea pigs with calcification of the
tissues could be relieved with raw cream but not so with
pasteurized cream. The active health-giving factor is transmuted
and rendered ineffective by pasteurization. John Fowler, M.D.,
Worcester, Massachusetts reported that raw-milk therapy
relieved muscle cramps in pregnancy.
There has never been an epidemic proved caused by raw
milk. All epidemics from milk were proved to be caused by
pasteurized milk. The following list reveals that pasteurized milk
products are dangerous. As Dr. Lee explained, pathogens enter
unhealthy cells. Pasteurization kills milk cells. Pathogens
multiply rapidly in those cells. If someone eats a product that is
full of pathogens, the bacteria will proliferate in a body full of
unhealthy cells.
Some Outbreaks Attributed to Bacterial Food-poisoning
from PASTEURIZED MILK products
x 1945  1,492 cases for the year in the U.S.A.
x 1945  1 outbreak, 300 cases in Phoenix, Arizona.
x 1945  Several outbreaks, 468 cases of gastroenteritis, 9
deaths, in Great Bend, Kansas.
(^40) Annual Convention, Certified Milk Producers Association, Hotel
Roosevelt, New York City, February 8, 1938.
(^41) The Milk Book; How Science Is Destroying Nature's Nearly Perfect
Food, Wm. Campbell Douglass, Jr., MD, 1996, Second Opinion
Publishing, Georgia; pp. 204.

(^186) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
x 1978  1 outbreak, 68 cases in Arizona.
x 1982  over 17,000 cases of yersinia enterocolitica in Memphis,
Tenn.
x 1982  172 cases, with over 100 hospitalized from a three-
Southern-state area.
x 1983  1 outbreak, 49cases of listeriosis in Massachusetts.
x 1984  August, 1 outbreak S. typhimurium, approximately
200 cases, at one plant in Melrose
Park, IL.
x 1984  November, 1 outbreak S. typhimurium, at same plant
in Melrose Park, IL.
x 1985  March, 1 outbreak, 16,284 confirmed cases, at same
plant in Melrose Park, IL.
x 1985  197,000 cases of antimicrobial-resistant Salmonella
infections from one dairy in California.^4243
x 1985  1,500+ cases, Salmonella culture confirmed, in
Northern Illinois.
x 1993  2 outbreaks statewide, 28 cases Salmonella infection.
x 1994  3 outbreaks, 105 cases, E. Coli & Listeria in
California.
x 1995  1 outbreak, 3 cases in California.
x 1996  2 outbreaks Campylobactor and Salmonella, 48 cases
in California.
x 1997  2 outbreaks, 28 cases Salmonella in California.

Health departments are pushing for eradication of pathogens
in our food supply. They accomplish that by laws controlling
food suppliers. The USDA and FDA, with the help of CDC and
congress, has banned us from being able to purchase bottled raw

(^42) Ryan CA, Nickels MK, Hargrett-Bean NT, et al. “Massive outbreak
of antimicrobial-resistant salmonellosis traced to pasteurized milk”,
JAMA 1987;258:3269-74.
(^43) “CDC. Outbreaks of Salmonella enteritidis gastroenteritis --
California”, 1993. MMWR 1993; 42:793-7.

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 187
fruit and vegetable juices at our local healthfood stores and
supermarkets because, they claim, that one girl died from
drinking orange juice containing E. coli. The evidence was
entirely circumstantial. Nevertheless, they used that incident to
scare congress and people into depriving us and our children of
another healthy vitamin- and enzyme-rich food source. Coca
Cola was pushing for the mandatory pasteurization laws because
they own a major juice company. As I said earlier, they want to
restrict our resources because they will have little competition if
competitors cannot offer a better and cheaper product. Also,
because they will experience less product-loss from the
mandated processing that lengthens shelf-life.
State health departments have pushed legislation to prevent
restaurants and other ready-made-food retailers to cook foods to
certain temperatures or else be in violation of the law. With the
present trend, soon we will not be allowed to buy any food that
has not been completely adulterated. We are being regulated by
le gislation as to what we are allowed to eat and how it has to be
prepared. Most of us rely upon commercial markets for our food.
Markets have to follow whatever the health departments demand
or they will be shut down and out of business.
We, as the consumers, have few choices. The more restrictive
the laws on food and food preparation, the less choices we have.
I have watched the laws move in that direction every month for
the last 10 years. I have tried as much as possi ble to stop the
momentum but I cannot do much without your help.
Consider that the deck is already stacked against us. Most of
the pharmaceutical giants own the major chemical and
agrochemical businesses that produce the poisons that are
poisoning our bodies and lands.
Consider that, my more recent tests indicated that people
eating cooked, non-organic foods are losing their microbe levels.
There are so many medications, antibacterials and chemicals,
including gaseous, in the environment and food that microbes
cannot survive the poisoning. They are becoming as extinct as
the firefly. Sooner than we might think, people will be paying
for injections of viruses, bacteria and parasites.

(^188) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Will people be told that they have to have injections of
viruses, bacteria and parasites to survive? Who will have kept
the FDA- and USDA-certified microbes alive in laboratories?
Would it be the pharmaceutical industry that is also the major
owners of antibacterial chemicals and agrochemicals industries?
If you live in a city, how much will you have to pay because you
will not be allowed to get them naturally in your food or
environment? Laws went into effect in the year 2002 that
restricts transport of soil, seeds and plants. The law states that if
the plant you want to transport and grow is not on the list, it will
be confiscated and destroyed. If it is on the list and not an
approved source, it will be confiscated and destroyed.
Unless we can change those laws together, we may not be
able to enjoy a healthy life-style without living on a farm with
approved crops and bacteria that only you will be able to eat and
not sell. Only cooperative communities, which can establish
themselves according to their own laws, will enjoy a natural
healthy life-style.
I am the Executive Director for the not-for-profit organization
Right To Choose Healthy Food. We battle the government
whenever they threaten to deprive us of healthy food with
regulations, such as the laws that have been enacted requiring all
milk and juices to be pasteurized if they cross any state line. At
present, we are battling to reverse those two issues. It takes
researchers, lawyers and many resources. Please send generous
donations made payable to:
Right To Choose Healthy Food
P.O. Box 176,
Santa Monica, CA 90406-0176.
We n e e d y o u r h e l p a n d s u p p o r t r e g u l a r l y.
Issues arise quickly in government with little or no notice to
the public. Email is the quickest way to contact you and rally
your support for unconstitutional laws that deprive us of health

Hea l th Or Di sease? (^) 189
and liberty in the name of pseudo-safety. Please help us help you
and our children. Send me your addresses, especially an email
address. Thank you.
Healthfully,
Aajonus
For information on individualized consults and programs with
Aajonus, e-mail or leave a message, speaking slowly, with a fax
number. Aajonus wishes that he had more time to answer all of your
letters but he is inundated with work. At present, he is fighting for our
rights to have raw food and writing 4 more nutritional books: one on
detoxification, two of questions and answers from lectures, one on
changing food laws, and an update and revision of The Primal Diet;
We Want To Live (the basic changes are in this book).
Optimal Ways of Living
P.O. Box 176
Santa Monica, CA 90406-0176
e-mail: optimal@earthlink.net
Message: 310-226-7055
A new book giving helpful information about food, nutrition and
the Primal Diet will be published every six months for the next 2
years starting January 2006. An audio version of The Primal
Diet; We Want To Live will be available in Summer 2006. Also,
CD/DVDs will be published by Fall 2006 that shows how to
make recipes and use kitchen equipment, and another in which
Aajonus presents a workshop on how to live disease-free with
more clarity, strength and energy. Notice for all publications will
be posted on the website http://www.PrimalDiet.com.

acceptable daily intake (ADI), 168
acid/alkaline balance
in blood & digestive tract, 30
in food-combining, 36–37
fruits and, 30
raw vegetables and, 151
acrylamides, 117, 153, 155, 161
adhesions (scars), 34
adrenal glands, raw (recipe), 104
Advanced Glycation End-products (AGEs), 32, 117, 161
African Lamb (recipe), 88
aging process, 21, 37, 155
agricultural chemicals, 29-30
alkaline/acid balance. See acid/alkaline balance
Ambrosia Coconut Cream Pie (recipe), 134–135
Ambrosia Cream Pie (recipe), 136–137
amino acids, destruction of, 157
anaphylaxis, 174
animals
E. coli consumption by, 175
effect of processed foods on, 157
and Pottenger's raw diet, 165–166
antibiotics, 16, 156, 174-175
Antiperspirant, Natural (formula), 147
Arab, Dr. Sara, 170–171
arterial/intestinal plaque removal (recipe), 55
Asian Spicy Meat Sauce (recipe), 62
asthma, 182, 185
autoimmune inoculation, 18
avocados, combining as fruit, 36

baby food recipes, 43, 51–53
Infant Glandular Booster, 52
Infant Immune Booster, 52
Infant Milkshake, 53
Infant Nervous System Booster, 53
bacteria
as detoxifying agents, 23
as disease eliminators, 170–174
fallacy of war on, 168–169
false concern over, 18–20, 177–178
food poisoning from, 174–177, 181, 185
futility of eliminating, 179-180

Inde x 191

intestinal , low levels of , 148
lo w levels f rom drugs & chemicals, 188
balanced diet, 26
Banana Cream Pie (recipe), 138–139
Banana Smoothie (recipe), 58
Barbecue Sauce (recipe), 63
beauty formulas, topical, 145–147
Moisturizing/Lubrication Formul a Drink, 146
Natural Antiperspir ant, 147
Natural Deodorant, 147
Primal Facial Body Care Cream, 145
Béchamel Sauce (recipe), 63
Bechamp, Dr. Antoine, 162–164
bee pollen, optimum temperatures for, 26
Beef Pâté (recipe), 89
Beef Stroganoff (r ecipe), 89
beet juice, 30
Berry Good Ice Cream (recipe), 131
beverage recipe s, 54–59
Banana Smoothie, 58
Coffee Substitute, 57
Green Vegetable Juices, 54–56
Milkshake, 5 7
Orange Smoothie, 58
Raspberry Smoothie, 59
Bl and-Fruit Sala d (recipe), 142
blender technique, 46–47
blood
alkalinity of, 30
fat levels i n, 32-33, 157
sugar levels, 30, 32
body salts regul ation/oxygen absorption (formulas), 54–56
bone marrow in recipes, 64, 92
Bordelaise Sauce (recipes), 64
bowel disease, inflammatory, 173
bowel movements, 24, 148
brains
raw (recipe), 1 04
tumors in, 171
butter, raw
constipation and, 24
dissolving and binding with toxins, 21
food -combining, 3 7
with high -carb ohydrate fruits, 33
making from raw cream, 50
for thirst & dry mouth, 35

cabbage jui ce, 161, 177

(^192) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Caesar Meat-Dressing (recipe), 65
Cajun Chicken (recipe), 96
calcification from pasteurized dairy, 185
campylobacter bacteria, 18, 179
cancer
among Eskimos, 166
destructiveness of conventional treatments, 9–10
healing rate on cooked diets, 161
high meat and, 148-149
microbial treatments for, 170, 172
modern medicine and, 164
Primal Diet case, 176
rate of, 8
candida, 32, 152
canning jars for blending, 46–47
Caraway Cottage Cheese (recipe), 59
carbohydrates
acrylamides from cooking, 155
fundamentals, 31–32
nut formula for cravings, 33
restriction of, 21–22
root vegetable juices, 30
carnivores and digestion, 152
Carpaccio (recipe), 90
carrot juice, 30, 32
Cassidy, Dr. Paul B., 185
catfish, freshwater, 29
cauterization, 154
Center for Disease Control (CDC), 168, 170, 178, 187-188
Ceviche (recipe), 107
Ceviche, Thai (recipe), 113
Cheesecake, Miniature (recipe), 122–123
Cheesecake (recipe), 120–121
cheesecloth, 50
cheeses, raw
food-combining, 36–37
with high-carbohydrate fruits, 33
Cheesy Chicken (recipe), 97
Cheesy Spiced Paste (recipe), 65
chemicals
added to foods, 157
pollution from, 167
chemotherapy, destructive nature of, 10, 163
chicken, raw
high, 149
recipes
Cajun Chicken, 96
Cheesy Chicken, 97
Chicken & Tomato Soup, 113

Inde x 193

Chicken/Beef Mustard, 9 8
Chicken Salad, 97
Chicken Soup, 114
Cream of Chicken Soup, 114
French Chicken, 98
Macaroni & Cheese-Tasting Chicken, 99
Parmesan Chicken, 100
Salsa Chicken, 101
Sexy Chicken, 102
Tahitian Chicken, 10 2
children, raw milk for, 181–185
chol esterol
in eggs, 170
myths regarding, 158
chronic fatig ue syndrome, 29, 176
Ci pro (antibiotic), 175
clay, sun-dried
eating with high meat, 148
in juice, 31
in toothp aste recipe, 148
coconut cream
food -combining, 36-3 7
with high -carb ohydrate fruits, 33
for lubrication and soothing, 34
techniqu e for making, 49–50
Coconut Cream & Fruit (recipe), 123
coconut oil, 34
Coffee Substitute (recipe), 57
Cold, Flu, Severe Pain (formula), 147
colic, 181
constipation, 148-1 50
Chronic Constip ation Formula, 1 48
High Meat Recipe, 149
pasteurized milk and, 182
ra w butter and, 24
Temporary Constip atio n Formula, 150
cooked & processed foods
animal s, effect on, 157
biological degeneratio n from, 180
de struction of nutrients, 153–158
in development of diseases, 11 , 166–168
digestio n of, 15–16
effect on taste & flavor, 25
pr oduc tion of toxins, 154–156
cooking, early development of, 15
corporate interests, 178-179
cottage cheese recipes, 59–60
Caraway Cottage Cheese, 59
Sour Cottage Cheese, 60

(^194) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Sweet Cottage Cheese, 60
Cream of Chicken Soup (recipe), 114
cream, raw
food-combining, 36
with high-carbohydrate fruits, 33
making raw butter from, 50
for thirst & dry mouth, 35
whipping technique, 51
Cream Sickles, 133
Creamy Cheese Pepper Sauce (recipe), 66
Crewe, Dr. J.E., 184
Crohn's disease, 160-161
Custard Aphrodisiac (recipe), 124

dead cells, 22-23, 34
deficiencies and disease, 11
dehydration, 15, 35, 174
dental decay, 31, 166, 169
Deodorant, Natural (formula), 147
depression and high meat, 148–149
dessert (sweet meal) recipes, 120–140
Cheesecake, 120–123
Coconut Cream & Fruit, 123
Custard Aphrodisiac, 124
Fudge Parfait or Mint Fudge Parfait, 125
Gingerbread Balls, 126
Ice Cream. See ice cream recipes
Mint Chocolate Substitute, 127
Pecan Fudge, 128
Pies. See pie recipes
South African Chipolata, 129
Whipped Cream, 130
detoxification
definition & symptoms, 12
process of, 23, 30, 173-174
diabetes
fruit and, 32–33
raw milk for, 181
recommended eating schedule, 40
unheated honey and, 31
diet, history of, 14–15
digestion
anatomy & fundamentals of, 151–153
cooked versus raw foods, 15–18
Dill Pickles (recipe), 143
diseases
modern progression of, 166–168

Inde x 195

origins of, 11–12, 162-164
dithiocarbamates (fungicides), 167–16 8
doctors and drugs, 10
Douglass, Dr. William Campbell, 169, 181, 1 85
drug s
damaging effects of, 10, 17 5
doctors and, 8
dryness
from oils, 3 5
from water, 35
Duck, Orange-Glazed (recipe), 99

E. coli bacteria
animals and, 175
futility of elimin ating, 179
Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome (HUS) and, 174- 175
nativ e diets and, 18, 172
verotoxin from, 171–1 72
edema, 12, 33
Egg/Cheese Basil Sauce (recipe), 66
eggs, raw
Chinese use of aged, 172-173
cholesterol in, 170
food -combining, 36-3 7
functio n and benefits of, 27–28
optimum te mperatures for, 27
electric heating pads, 150
emotiona lism and fruit, 32-33
Enderlein, Günther, 164
endobionts, 164
envi ronmental pollution, 11, 166–167
enzymes
heat & processing destruction of, 15, 154, 157, 159
in unheated honey, 31
Epstein, Samuel, M.D., 8, 165
equipment, food preparatio n (listed), 45-46
Escolar Fresca (recipe), 107
Eskimos diet
high meat in, 172
longevity & freedom from diseases, 166
raw meat and, 14
Ethiopian Kitf o (recipe), 91

fat-free diets, 32
fat-reserv es, value of, 38

(^196) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
fats, raw
cholesterol levels and, 158
daily intake of, 39
dissolving and binding with toxins, 21, 28
eaten with fruits, 32–33
function and benefits of, 28
optimum temperatures for, 26
with raw meats to reverse aging, 21–22
severe bodily shortage of, 146
toxins produced by heating, 155
feces as healing agent, 176
fibromyalgia, 29
fish, raw, 29
fish/seafood recipes, 105–113
Ceviche, 107
Escolar Fresca, 107
Hot Buttered Salmon, 107
Oyster Sauce & Pasta, 108
Oysters Over Cheese, 109
Salmon with Lemon & Parsley, 110
Shrimp Passion, 110
Spiced Salmon, 111
Spiced Sashimi, 111
Swordfish Sashimi, 112
Tahitian Fish, 112
Thai Ceviche, 113
flax oil, 34
Flu, Cold, Severe Pain (formula), 147
food-combining, 36–37
food-poisoning, bacterial, 174–177, 181, 185
food preparation equipment (listed), 45-46
fowl (white meats) recipes, 96–102
Cajun Chicken, 96
Cheesy Chicken, 97
Chicken/Beef Mustard, 98
Chicken Salad, 97
French Chicken, 98
Macaroni & Cheese-Tasting Chicken, 99
Orange-Glazed Duck, 99
Parmesan Chicken, 100
Salsa Chicken, 101
Sexy Chicken, 102
Tahitian Chicken, 102
Turkey Pâté, 103
Fowler, Dr. John, 185
freezing of foods, 157
French Chicken (recipe), 98
French Mayonnaise (recipe), 67
French Vanilla Ice Cream (recipe), 131

Inde x 197

freshwater vs. ocean fish, 29
frugivores and digestio n, 152
fruits
acid and alkalin e fruits, 37
da ily intake of, 39
intestinal overalkalinity and, 15 2
negative effects of, 21
in Primal Diet, 32–33
Fudge Parfait or Mint Fudge Parfait (recipe), 125

gamma radiation, 157
ga rlic, 44
Garlic Butter (recipe), 67
ga stroenteritis, 184-1 86
germ theory of disease, 162–164
Ging erbread Balls (recipe), 126
Gingerbread Ice Cream (recipe), 132
glands
cooked foods and, 1 6
organic, 29
power drink recipes, 103–104
gl ycotoxins, 32, 11 7
government regulatio n of foods, 178–1 79
grains
digestio n of, 152
health problems from, 31, 117
hi storical transition to, 14-15
Grandma's Tomato Soup (recip e), 115
Green, Emily, 17 0
green vegetable juices. See juices, green vegetable
Green Vegetable Juices (recipes), 54–56
GreenStar juicer, 49-5 0

Harmon, Dr. Marc, 169
health departments, state, 187
heavy metals removal (formula), 56
Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome (HUS), 175
he rbivores and digestion, 151-152
Hess, Dr. A.F., 182, 184
he terocyclic amines, 154, 161
high chicken, 149
high meat
benefits and recipes, 148–149
in Eskimo diet, 172
for removing degenerativ e tis sue, 174

(^198) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Himalayan Meat (recipe), 87
Hollandaise Meat Sauce (recipe), 68
honey, unheated
benefits of, 31
optimum temperatures for, 26
hormones, over-production of, 16
Horseradish Sauce (recipe), 69
Hot Buttered Salmon (recipe), 108
hot peppers, 44
Howell, Edward, 23, 166
Hunzas, 172
hydrochloric acid, 16, 152
hyperactivity
cooked carbohydrates and, 117
fat to alleviate, 32
recommended eating schedule, 41
thin people and, 38
hypoglycemia
fruit and, 32–33
recommended eating schedule, 40
unheated honey and, 31

ice cream recipes, 130–132
Berry Good Ice Cream, 131
French Vanilla Ice Cream, 131
Gingerbread Ice Cream, 132
Lime Ice Cream, 132
Mango Creamsicles, 133
Pineapple Ice Cream, 133
immunity and microorganisms, 18
infants
formula, 43
Infant Glandular Booster (recipe), 52
Infant Immune Booster (recipe), 52
Infant Milkshake (recipe), 53
Infant Nervous System Booster (recipe), 53
raw milk for, 181–185
susceptibility to pathogens, 173
inflammatory bowel disease, 173
instinctive diet, 20
intestinal bacteria
destruction by toxins, 161
low levels of, 148
iron supplements, 160
irradiation of foods, 157, 179
irritability. See also hyperactivity, 20, 32, 43, 157

Inde x 199

Island Fish Sauce (recipe), 105
Italian Sauce (recipe), 70

JAMA (Journal of American Medical Association), 8
juices
fruit, 33
green vegetable
da ily intake of, 39
fundamentals, 30–3 1
green cabbage for intestinal bleeding, 177
instead of water, 35
making and storing, 47
recipes, 54-56
for vitamins, minerals and enzymes, 17-18
potato, 30

kefir, raw, 47
Ketchup (recipe), 70
kidn ey damage, 1 75

Lamb Shanks (recipe), 92
Lee, Dr. Patrick, 172, 185
leeching of nutrients, 15–16, 22, 34
le gislation against raw foods, 187
lemon & lime j uice, marinating with, 50
Lentil Soup (recipe), 115
Lime Ice Cream (recipe), 132
lipid peroxides, 153 , 155
liver, raw
in infant recipes, 52
Liver Boosters (power drink recipes), 103–1 04
liver/glandular toxi city removal (recipe), 55
Liver Pâté (recipes), 93
Lowe, Dr. K. Brooks, 171-1 72
lubrication
Lubrication/Moisturizing Drink (formula), 14 6
water and, 35
lung, raw (recipe), 10 4
lupus, 29
lymphatic congestion
effect of oils on, 34
recipe, 55

(^200) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease

Macaroni & Cheese-Tasting Chicken (recipe), 99
Mango Creamsicles (recipe), 133
marinating raw meats, 50
Mayonnaise (recipes), 67, 71
Meat au Gratin (recipe), 93
meats, raw
bacteria & parasites in, 19–20
daily intake of, 39
defined, 28-30
in Eskimo diet, 14
food-combining, 36–37
function and benefits of, 28–29
high, 148–149
marinating, 49
optimum temperatures for, 27
preparation of dishes, 61–62
with raw fats to reverse aging, 21
recipes (red meat), 87–95
African Lamb, 88
Beef Pâté, 89
Beef Stroganoff, 89
Carpaccio, 90
Ethiopian Kitfo, 91
Himalayan Meat, 87
Lamb Shanks, 92
Liver Pâté, 93
Liver Pâté, Two, 93
Meat au Gratin, 94
Nuts Over Meat, 94
Steak Tartare, 95
red vs. white
defined, 29
different benefits of, 28-29
sauces for. See sauces for meats
toxins produced by heating, 152-153
with unheated honey for digestion, 31
white meat recipes. See fish/seafood recipes
medicine, allopathic
deaths and injuries from medications, 8
modern, 164–165
origins of, 162–164
treatments causing disease, 8–9
mercury
bioactive vs. toxic, 29
damage caused by, 175

Inde x 201

and heavy metals removal (recipe), 56
metabolism
fast, recommended eatin g schedule, 4 1
slow, recommended eatin g schedule, 40
metals, heavy (r emoval formula), 56
Mexican Sour Cream Sauce (recipe), 71
microbes
as disease eliminators, 170–174
lo w levels f rom drugs & chemicals, 188
microwave packs, 150
milk
pasteurized, 181–185
products, optimum temperatures for, 27
raw
benefits for infants & children, 181–185
da ily intake of, 39
food -combining & digestio n of, 36
instead of water, 35
safety of in scientific studies, 169
studi es supporting health benefits of, 181–183
as therapeutic treatment, 184–185
Milkshake (recipe), 57
Millstone , Erik, 168
mineral absorption & utilization, 160
Mint Chocolate Substitute (recipe), 127
Moisturizing/Lubrication Drink
in daily eating program, 40–41
recipe for, 146
molds, as detoxifyin g agents, 23
Monroe, Jon, 171
Mornay Sauce (recipe), 72
Morris, Dr. Don, 172
Mousseleine Sauce (recipe), 72
Mushroom Cream Cheese Sauce (recipe), 73
Mushroom Cream Sauce (recipe), 73
mustard, 44
Mustard (recipes), 74–75

na ps, 24
nativ e diets
carbohydrates & Native Americans, 31
Eskimo longevity, 165
microbes as medicine in, 171–172
raw fat consumption in, 28
nervous system
fruit and, 33
nerve-tissue regeneratio n, 2 9

(^202) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
nut formula for neurological detoxification, 33
nutrients
effect of cooking on, 153–157
processing effects on, 157–158
nuts and seeds
actions and uses for, 33
as carbohydrates, 31
food-combining, 36
Nut & Spice Sauce (recipe), 75
nut formula
Nut Butter/Nut Formula (recipe), 117
when and how to use, 33
Nuts Over Meat (recipe), 94

oils
drying effect of, 44
fundamentals, 34
olive, optimum temperature for, 26
omnivores, 153
onions, 44
optimal diet regimens, 39–41
optimal health, attaining, 23
Optimal Ways of Living, 189
Orange-Glazed Duck (recipe), 99
Orange Smoothie (recipe), 58
organic produce, 30
organs & glands (power drink recipes), 103–104
osteoporosis, 31, 152, 158, 166, 169, 181
ovaries, raw (recipe), 104
over-eating, 25
Oyster Sauce & Pasta (recipe), 108
Oysters Over Cheese (recipe), 109

Pain Remedy (formula), 146, 147
pancreas, 22
parasites
as detoxifying agents, 23, 173-174
health benefits of, 173–174
Parmesan Chicken (recipe), 100
Pasta Substitute (recipe), 118
Pasteur, Louis, 162–164
pasteurization
of foods, 154, 157, 177, 179
of milk, 181–185

Inde x 203

pathogens
cause or result of disease, 19
as disease eliminators, 170–172
fa lse concern over, 177–178
true definition of, 1 79
war on, 169–17 0
Pecan Fudge (recipe), 128
Pepita Gravy (recipe), 76
pe sticides, 167–168
pharmaceutical industry, 165, 187–188
Pickles & Pickli ng recipes, 142– 144
Dill Pickles, 14 3
Pickled Ginger, 142
Pickled Peppers (Pimentos), 14 3
Sweet Pickles, 144
pie recipes, 134–1 41
Ambrosia Coconut Cream Pie, 134–13 5
Ambrosia Cream Pie, 136–137
Banana Cream Pie, 138–139
Pumpkin Pie, 140–141
Pineapple Ice Cream (recipe), 133
plaque removal (formula), 55
pollution, e nvironmental, 11, 19, 167–168, 180
Polynesian Ging er Sauce (recipe), 105
potato juice, 30
Pottenger, Dr. Francis, 23, 1 65 –166, 181-183
Power Drinks
for chronic fatigue, 29
recipes (organs & glands), 103–104
Liver Booster, 1 03–104
The Power Drink, 104
Price, Dr. Weston, 182
Primal Diet Web site, 14
Primal Facial Body Care Cream (formula), 145
processed-food industry, 17, 32
processed foods. See cooked & processed foods
protein-foods, heating, 154
pulmonary tuberculosis, 184
Pumpkin Pie (recipes), 140–1 41

radiatio n, destru ctiv e nature of, 9 –10
Raspberry Smoothie (recipe), 59
raw butter. See bu tter, raw
raw cheese. See cheeses, raw
raw fats. See fats, raw
raw foods
bias against, 17

(^204) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
digestion of, 16–18
disease reversals on, 170-171
healing effects of, 13
history of, 14–15
taste of, 26
raw meats. See meats, raw
raw milk. See milk, raw
recipes
baby food, 51–53
Infant Glandular Booster, 52
Infant Immune Booster, 52
Infant Milkshake, 53
Infant Nervous System Booster, 53
beauty formulas (topical), 145–147
beverages, 54–59
Banana Smoothie, 58
Coffee Substitute, 57
Green Vegetable Juices, 54–56
Milkshake, 57
Orange Smoothie, 58
Raspberry Smoothie, 59
Bland-Fruit Salad, 142
cottage cheese, 59–60
Caraway Cottage Cheese, 59
Sour Cottage Cheese, 60
Sweet Cottage Cheese, 60
desserts (sweet meals), 120–141
Cheesecake, 120–123
Cheesecake, Miniature, 122–123
Coconut Cream & Fruit, 123
Custard, 124
Custard Aphrodisiac, 124
Fudge Parfait or Mint Fudge Parfait, 125
Gingerbread Balls, 126
Ice Cream. See ice cream recipes
Mango Creamsickles, 133
Mint Chocolate Substitute, 127
Pecan Fudge, 128
pies. See pie recipes
South African Chipolata, 129
Whipped Cream Ambrosia, 130
Whipped Cream Tropical, 130
fish/seafood, 107–113
Ceviche, 107
Escolar Fresca, 107
Hot Buttered Salmon, 108
Oyster Sauce & Pasta, 108
Oysters Over Cheese, 109
Salmon with Lemon & Parsley, 110

Inde x 205

(^206) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Asian Spicy Meat Sauce, 62
Barbecue Sauce, 63
Béchamel Sauce, 63
Bordelaise Sauce, 64
Bordelaise Sauce, Two, 64
Caesar Meat-Dressing, 65
Cheesy Spiced Paste, 65
Creamy Cheese Pepper Sauce, 66
Egg/Cheese Basil Sauce, 66
French Mayonnaise, 67
Garlic Butter, 67
Hollandaise Meat Sauce, 68
Hollandaise Meat Sauce, Two, 68
Horseradish Sauce, 69
Horseradish Sauce, Two, 69
Italian Sauce, 70
Ketchup, 70
Mayonnaise, 71
Mexican Sour Cream Sauce, 71
Mornay Sauce, 72
Mousseleine Sauce, 72
Mushroom Cream Cheese Sauce, 73
Mushroom Cream Sauce, 73
Mustard, 74
Mustard Butter, 75
Mustard, Two, 74
Nut & Spice Sauce, 75
Pepita Gravy, 76
Sour Cream, 76
Sour Cream Quick, 77
South African Frikkadel Glaze, 77
Spice Paste, 78
Spiced Butter or Oil, 79
Spicy African Paste, 80
Spicy Thai Sauce, 81
Tango Meat Sauce, 82
Tartar Coconut Cream Sauce, 83
Tartar Sauce, 83
Thousand Island Meat-Dressings, 84
Tomato Cream Cheese Sauce, 85
Tomato Sauce, 85
Wasabe, 86
White Pepper Sauce, 86
soups, 113–116
Chicken, 114
Chicken And Tomato, 113
Cream of Chicken, 114
Grandma's Tomato, 115
Lentil, 115

Inde x 207

Split Pea, 11 6
starch cooked, raw substitutes, 117–11 9
Nut Butter/Nut Formul a, 11 7
Pasta Substitute , 118
Reminiscent of Mexican Chips, 1 18
Reminiscent of Refried Beans, 119
red vs. white meat
defined, 29
different benefits of, 28-29
remedies & beauty formulas, 145–150
Antiperspirant, Natural, 14 7
Cold, Flu, Severe Pain Diet, 147
Constipation
Chronic, 1 48
Temporary, 150
Deodo rant, Natu ral, 147
Hi gh Meat, 149
Moisturizing/Lubrication Formul a Drink, 146
Pain Formula, 146-147
Primal Facial Body Care Cream, 145
Throat Lozenges, Lemon, 147
Toothp aste, 148
Reminiscent of Mexican Chips (recipe), 118
Reminiscent of Refried Beans (recipe), 119
restaurants, restrictions on, 187
Right To Choose Healthy Food, 178, 188
Root-Bernstein, Robert & Michele, 172
Roth, John R., 169
royal je lly, temperatur es for, 26

salads, 37
da ily intake of, 39
Salad, Bland-Fruit (recipe), 142
salmon
freshwater, 2 9
Hot Buttered Salmon (recipe), 108
Salmon with Lemon & Parsley (recipe), 110
salmonella bacteria
eggs and, 27
futility of elimin ating, 179
harmlessness of, 169–170
in native diets, 18
in reversing cancer, 172
Salsa Chicken (recipe), 101
salts
re gulation of body (formula), 54–5 6
toxic, removal of (formula), 54

(^208) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
sashimi
Spiced Sashimi (recipe), 111
Swordfish Sashimi (recipe), 112
sauces
fish/seafood
Island Fish Sauce, 105
Polynesian Ginger Sauce, 105
Spicy African Paste for Fish, 106
meat, 62–86
Asian Spicy Meat Sauce, 62
Barbecue Sauce, 63
Béchamel Sauce, 63
Bordelaise Sauce, 64
Bordelaise Sauce, Two, 64
Caesar Meat-Dressing, 65
Cheesy Spiced Paste, 65
Creamy Cheese Pepper Sauce, 66
Egg/Cheese Basil Sauce, 66
French Mayonnaise, 67
Garlic Butter, 67
Hollandaise Meat Sauce, 68
Hollandaise Meat Sauce, Two, 68
Horseradish Sauce, 69
Horseradish Sauce, Two, 69
Italian Sauce, 70
Ketchup, 70
Mayonnaise, 71
Mexican Sour Cream Sauce, 71
Mornay Sauce, 72
Mousseleine Sauce, 72
Mushroom Cream Cheese Sauce, 73
Mushroom Cream Sauce, 73
Mustard, 74
Mustard Butter, 75
Mustard, Two, 74
Nut & Spice Sauce, 75
Pepita Gravy, 76
Sour Cream, 76
Sour Cream Quick, 77
South African Frikkadel Glaze, 77
Spice Paste, 78
Spiced Butter or Oil, 79
Spicy African Paste, 80
Spicy Thai Sauce, 81
Tango Meat Sauce, 82
Tartar Coconut Cream Sauce, 83
Tartar Sauce, 83
Thousand Island Meat-Dressing, 84
Thousand Island Meat-Dressing, Two, 84

Inde x 209

Tomato Cream Cheese Sauce, 85
Tomato Sauce, 85
Wasabe, 8 6
White Pepper Sauce, 86
scar tissue, 12, 34
scurvy, 182- 184
seafood recipes. See fish/seafood recipes
seeds. See nuts and seeds
Sexy Chicken (recipe), 102
Shrimp Passion (r ecipe), 110
skin care, 145–146
sleep and healing, 24
solvents
for cleansing, 31
stored fats as, 38
soup recipes, 113–116
Chicken, 114
Chicken & Tomato, 113
Cr eam of Chicken, 114
Grandma's Tomato, 115
Lentil, 115
Split Pea, 11 6
Sour Cottage Cheese (recipe), 60
Sour Cream Quick (recipe), 77
Sour Cream (recipe), 76
South African Chipolata (recipe), 12 9
South African Frikkadel Glaze (recipe), 77
Spice Paste (recipe), 78
Spiced Butter or Oil (recipe), 79
Spiced Salmon (recipe), 111
Spiced Sashimi (recipe), 111
spices, 44–45
Spicy Afri can Paste for Fish (recipe), 106
Spicy African Paste (recipe), 80
Spicy Thai Sauce (recipe), 81
Split Pea Soup (recipe), 116
sprouted grains, 152
starch, raw, 117 –11 9
Nut Butter/Nut Formul a, 11 7
Pasta Substitute , 118
Reminiscent of Mexican Chips, 1 18
Reminiscent of Refried Beans, 119
Steak Tartare (recipe), 95
Stefansson, Vilhjalmur , 166, 18 3
sturgeon, freshwater, 29
sunscreen formula, 145
supplements
argument against consuming, 159–161
negative influence of, 13

(^210) Volume Four t he Recipe for Living Without Disease
Sweet Cottage Cheese (recipe), 60
Sweet Pickles (recipe), 144
swordfish
mercury and, 29
Swordfish Sashimi (recipe), 112

Tahitian Chicken (recipe), 102
Tahitian Fish (recipe), 112
Tango Meat Sauce (recipe), 82
Tartar Coconut Cream Sauce (recipe), 83
Tartar Sauce (recipe), 83
temper, control of, 117
temperature ranges
destruction of nutrients, 153-154
optimum food, 26–27
testes, raw (recipe), 104
Thai Ceviche (recipe), 113
thimerosal, 175
thirst, 35
Thousand Island Meat-Dressing (recipes), 84
Throat Lozenges, Lemon (formula), 147
thyroid gland, raw, 104
Tomato Cream Cheese Sauce (recipe), 85
Tomato Sauce (recipe), 85
tomatoes
food-combining as fruit, 36
with raw fat for dryness and thirst, 35
tooth decay, 21, 169, 182
Toothpaste (formula), 148
toxicity
carcinogens & cooking, 17
as cause of disease, 11–12
removing deep-tissue, 38–43
toxic salts removal (formula), 54
traveling recommendations, 42–43
tuberculosis, pulmonary, 184
tumors, 34, 171, 176
Turkey Pâté (recipe), 103

Van Wagtendork, Willem J., 185
Van Winkle, Dr. Elnora, 179
vegetables & vegetable juices. See also juices, green vegetable
acid/alkaline balance and, 151
in cooked diets, 151

Inde x 211

food -combining, 36–37
Green Vegetable Juices (recipes), 54–56
ju icing for digestibility, 17- 18
as natural supplementation, 161
verotoxin from E. coli, 171
viruses
de pression and, 171
as detoxifyin g agents, 23
as healin g agents, 172
vitamins
C, 157, 18 3
E, 159- 160
K, 161
supplemen ting, 159–161
U, 161
Vonderplanitz, Aajonus (health history), 9–14

Wasabe (recipe), 86
water, 34– 35
Web sites
Primal Diet, 14
Ri ght to Choose Healthy Food, 178
weight gain/weight loss principle, 38–42
weight loss diet recommendations, 42
Weinstock, Joel, 173
Whipped Cream Ambrosia (recipe), 130
Whipped Cream Tropical (recipe), 130
White Pepper Sauce (recipe), 86
white vs. red meats
defined, 29
different benefits of, 28-29

yam juice, 30
yeast infections, 32, 152