Ancient Chinese medicine said: “Sickness is due

to stagnation or blockage”.

It has been stated that all mammals in nature live 7
times their growth rate. That is 7 times the time it takes
them to reach maturity. For man, that is 147 years,
considering maturity is 21 years.

This begs the question: Why are most persons passing
away or are unable to live and act normally or are in a
state of disability around the age of 68 to 75 on
average? Could they be dying prematurely?

The Hunza tribe of the Hunza Valley in the Himalayan
Mountains is a well-known example of persons living
well beyond the age of 80 and having an active life. The
average lifespan of these Indians is about 100 years.
Many live to 120. One report said one Hunza Indian
lived to 160.

Research in 2008 revealed that in a remote island in
the Philippines beyond Mati, up in the mountains, a
truly primitive Indian tribe was visited and studied.
The island was about 14 by 6 miles and was
mountainous. This was a risk as it is illegal for a white
man to go there. This visit was achieved because an
Indian from this tribe left it and came to the city to live.
The researcher made friends with this Indian and the

Indian escorted him to the tribe regardless of the law.
The Indians in this tribe have never been off the island.
They wear self-made garments and live in huts. They
are nomadic and like to travel around the island and
live in different groups.

They live on a diet of primarily raw coconut, raw fish
and a small amount of fruit such as mangoes and
bananas. Shimmying up a palm to get a coconut is a
daily activity. They are full bodied and thick. The
shaman was met who looked about 43 years old and
was 82. The Indians there who were about 80 had thick
white teeth with no receding gums. Their gums were
dark, almost purple. They did not brush their teeth.
They had perfect teeth alignment with large jowls. If
something got stuck in their teeth, they would get it out
with bark or a stick. They had no illnesses. They do not
have children unless the whole tribe agrees. When a
child is born, he/she is treated as the child of everyone
in the tribe. It is as if the whole tribe acts as the mother
and father of the child. There were about 200 Indians
on the whole island. They did have injuries from
accidents. When they die, they just go to sleep and do
not wake up. The older Indians there are said to be 120
years old or older.

It is interesting to note that the diet these Indians lived
on since birth contained no breads, pasta, grains or
processed and packaged foods. They ate no frozen
meats or frozen foods and no bottled or canned foods.
They have never had any form of injections, vaccines,

refined sugar, refined salt, no antibiotics and no
medications of any kind.

Considering this information, one can say there is
something here demanding further investigation if one
wishes health and longevity of life beyond the age of
about 70 years.

We live in an industrial age where toxic chemicals
abound. They are all around us. Many processed foods
contain preservatives and flavoring additives such as
aspartame and phosphoric acid which are essentially
poisons. They are found on our farms that are treated
with pesticides. GMO foods are by definition altered
physically and chemically. ‘Modern’ farming practices,
such as using synthetic fertilizer, are utilized to
produce crops. There are chemicals in our air from
chemtrails and automotive pollution. The list goes on.
Could it be that such toxic chemicals from numerous
sources are contaminating the cells in our body and the
cell’s reproductive process is also so contaminated,
shortening our lives? Could it be the lack of the body’s
ability to cleanse itself of toxicity which clogs the
body’s normal activities and functions? Is it that
the lymphatic system is not functioning properly to
clean out the toxicity? Or could it simply be the lack of
circulation to remove the dead cells when
cells duplicate and these dead cells form areas prime
for cancer growth? Or could all these factors combined
be the reason for shorter lives? What is the cause of
what could be considered premature death?

Experience shows that the lymphatic system is not
generally addressed or treated by the medical
profession. Yet this system working properly is key to
health. It is a vital part of our immune system as is the
appendix and tonsils. The benefits of hot baths, hot and
cold therapy or hydrotherapy are to increase the body’s
circulation and blood flow allowing nutrients into those
areas of circulation blockage so that cleansing and
healing can occur much more efficiently. It is well
known and has been used as a therapy for thousands of
years of history in many countries around the world.
Heating up in a sauna and rolling in the snow or getting
into a cold shower after a steam bath are common
examples of hot and cold therapy in use today.

Extensive research has been done regarding hot water
therapy and its use to detoxify the body. It has been
taken to the next level and redeveloped into a powerful
health therapy. This is a brand new development in
recent years. When done properly, it is a very powerful
detoxification and purification procedure that can
improve health and extend life. This is a natural
healing method with no medication whatsoever. This
new development is not broadly known and is
presented in its entirety in this book.

Since the advent of hydrogenated oils, heated vegetable
oils, trans-fatty acids, deep fried foods, etc., such oils
are not soluble in the body at the body’s ordinary
temperatures. Such oils crystalize and harden in the
body. They become stored in the body’s veins, arteries,

lymph system and other areas causing many body
problems such as illnesses, diseases and lymphatic
congestion.

This book was written in the spirit of addressing such
health issues in a total natural healing approach using
no drugs, no medication, and no chelation therapy. This
is a simple and logical approach to get the body to a
high temperature long enough so that the hardened
crystalized fats and oils and other toxicity stored in
those fats (i.e. heavy metals, etc.) soften and become
fluid. In this state they can be drained or escorted out
of the body via the sweat glands, pores and digestive
system.

Over many years, numerous tests and evaluations have
been done concerning the information as laid out in
this book using an empirical approach. Many successes
have been recorded. To some health enthusiasts this
approach is the only workable method of truly
purifying the body of such bad fats and stored toxic
chemicals in the lymphatic system.

The information in this book can also be used for
persons who just want a more health-giving hot tub or
pool. If you don’t want conventional pool chemicals
(chlorine for instance) in the water of your hot tub
and/or pool, there is specific technology contained
herein on how to obtain the purest water available to
soak and swim in. Such a water filter system brings the
water to a level of drinking water purity or as close to

that as one can get. This has been proven to be very
beneficial in many cases.

Also contained in this book is information on how to
build your own wood hot tub and maintain the filter
system and hot tub.

Note: Considerable technological study and
research has gone into the development of the
information as presented in this book. To keep things
simple, it is being presented in layman’s terms.

Growing up in the world today one is bombarded with
chemicals and toxic oils (heated well above body
temperature) in processed foods, packaged foods, fast
foods, cereals, cooking oil from an aerosol can, deep
fried foods and so on. These oils, such as hydrogenated
oils, are used as a preservative for shelf life of the
product.

You may ask “But what happens when these oils and
preservatives get into the body? Can the body properly
utilize and digest them? Can they easily get out of the
body once in there?”

The simple answer is NO! They stack up and store in
the body and cause a myriad of health issues over time.
This time factor is about 5 to 20 years before the health

issues really start to show up. Treating these with
medication and hoping for the magic pill or quick fix is
just more toxicity. Research has shown that chelation
therapy does not work to remove toxicity. (See
chelation therapy in the glossary of this book.)

The body in general has a difficult time digesting oils in
a large quantity. If ingested in large quantity (more
than about 4 tablespoons per day), the good oils mostly
just pass through. The good oils are ones that the body
can digest and utilize the nutrients of, such as truly cold
pressed olive oil (not heated above 96 degrees F.) or
coconut oil that is not heated above 112 degrees
Fahrenheit at any point of its processing. Fresh raw
avocados can be properly digested in large quantities.

Most all other oils on the market are heated up to 120
to 140 for shelf life which moves them over into the
category of hydrogenated oils. Certain brands of flax
seed oil and sunflower oil used to be processed at or
below 96 degrees. But these oils have been off the
market for some time. They can be made at home with
a special press that makes oil from seeds. The
temperature needs to be monitored during this process
to ensure 96 degrees F is not exceeded.

Almost all coconut oil on the market today is heated
for shelf life well above 112 degrees F which kills the
natural bacteria and enzymes necessary for proper
digestion. (112 is noted as the highest temperature
coconut oil can still be considered raw due to SE Asia

coconut trees living abundantly at such peak
temperatures.)

Hydrogenated oils, when they dehydrate, turn into a
kind of plastic. They have a similar molecular structure
to plastic. They are dehydrated or dried when in foods.
Margarine and other oils as soy, corn, palm, and canola
are all heated and they can’t be properly digested as
they are not soluble in the body. They harden and store
in the body. The body can’t get rid of them through the
skin or digestive tract at normal body temperatures.
They clump together and they will block the pores even
if you perspire. The hottest the body can get with
extreme exercise is 100.1 degrees Fahrenheit and this
is not hot enough to deal with the trans-fatty acids.

Research has shown that lymphatic congestion has
been caused by hydrogenated oils such as margarine,
vegetable oils, flavoring additives, soy, safflower oils
and roasted peanut butter. Such oils crystalize and
harden and combine. They are not a fluid at body
temperature. One can’t dissolve and expel them from
the body without raising the body’s temperature to a
high degree for a certain length of time. The body’s
temperature can be safely raised up to as much as 102
degrees F by soaking in hot water ranging from 105 to
110 degrees F. The hotter you can stand it the better.

105 is the minimum temperature necessary to affect
the lymph system drainage.

It takes some time to heat the crystalized and hardened
fats so they melt and dissolve. Research has shown it
takes about 45 to 50 minutes to get deep enough into
the lymph glands and nodes to the point where the
toxic fat can start to melt. With a 1 hour soak you get an
actual 10 minutes of dissolving the bad fats and
cleaning the lymph system. This 10 minutes of
dissolving amounts to about one-one thousandths of an
inch dealt with. You keep at it layer by layer and after
some time you have detoxified and purified your
lymphatic system and will achieve very good health
benefits.

It is vitally important that the water that is used for the
hot tub soaking is as clean of toxic chemicals as
possible. It needs to be as close to drinking water
quality as it can be. Like soaking in a natural hot spring

The ideal soak time is 90 minutes for best and fastest
results for a hot tub or hot bath session. If you add
eating good fats as part of this process, it will help
speed the procedure. Some toxins that migrate to the
digestive system are absorbed or bind molecularly with
those fats and are escorted out of the body via the

digestive system.

Sauna, infrared sauna and steam baths do promote
circulation and are healthy but only for short periods.

A steam bath is recommended for only 10 minutes. A
sauna for 15 to 20 minutes - depending on how hot the
sauna is. After that, the heat gets in and damages the
lungs; you stop absorbing oxygen and know you need
to get out of there before you pass out.

Long exposure of such high heat in a sauna or steam
bath can damage the eyes, mucous membranes, the
lungs, bronchial tubes (air passages), throat and ears. If
you're naked, it can damage the vagina and the penis,
and the urethra (the urethra will heat up inside). It can
damage the vitamins and enzymes and other nutrients
under the skin and in the skin.

In a sauna or steam bath, even if you set the
temperature to 110 degrees research has shown, it is
estimated, you would need to be in the sauna/steam
bath for about 8 hours to get the same result as you
would in a hot tub for 90 minutes. This is due to the
insulation factor of the air against the heat. The water
in the hot tub is directly against the skin and the heat
penetrates into the body far better.

In a hot tub from 105 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit, you
can stay in for as long as 12 to 15 hours and even go to
sleep if you so desire! Such extended hot tubbing has
been done successfully by many persons. But normally

speaking 90 minutes is a good run of it.

For the normal person, one gets hot and needs to take a
break. This subject of taking a break from the hot water
and cooling off is discussed later in this book.

When in a sauna to perspire toxins from the body, it is
best to shower and rinse toxic perspiration every 3 - 4
minutes so that any perspired toxins are not
reabsorbed into the skin where they may eventually re-
enter the body.

When showering using municipal city water that has
fluoride and is chlorinated, it is best to have filters
installed that will eliminate these chemicals. Research
has shown that chlorine vapors (chloroform) gradually
weaken and damage the blood, lungs, thyroid and
brain.

Steam baths are the least desirable form to extract
toxicity from the body via perspiration. The steam
burns mucous membranes, including those in the lungs,
bronchi and sinuses. But if you so choose to use them
for short periods, use good clean mineral water to
produce the steam. Do not use municipal water which
contains chlorine, fluoride, etc.

Do not just rest or go to bed or be sedentary after your
hot tub soak. Be active so that what has been melted

that has not already gotten out of the pores fully but is
still in a melted state can get circulated and pushed out
of the body more. This is a critical time for best results.
You will continue to sweat for a while. This is good.
Dress in warm comfortable clothes and take a walk or
do some light exercises or stretches if you so desire for
at least 30 to 45 minutes after the soak.

One of the jobs of the spleen is to regulate the body’s
adaptability to cold and hot temperatures. It removes
red blood cells from the blood stream to thin the blood
and cool the body. It also adds red blood cells to the
blood to thicken the blood and heat the body. People
who do not have spleens should ease into hot bath or
hot tub and drink more fluids immediately prior to
entering the hot water.

A person who engages with this hot tub cleansing
program as suggested should be about 10 to 15 pounds
overweight or have a 20 to 25 percent minimum body
fat (which is normal for most people). It has been found
that those that have less body fat than this do not have
the necessary fat to absorb excess toxicity that is being

extracted. Metal toxicity that is released such as
mercury, thallium, cadmium or lead, etc. can circulate
and damage tissues without the fat there. With the
body fat in place there is no problem at all.

The body has its own cooling system. It cools the body
by 3 degrees Fahrenheit minimum. Even in the hot
water temperatures as discussed, the body may heat up
to about 102 under the skin. This is not uncomfortable
but one is hot. At this temperature the hot water is
doing a good job cleaning the lymphatic system and
body. If you take your temperature under your arm, the
thermometer will read almost as hot as the water. If
you take your temperature from your rectum or mouth,
it may read as high as 102. One does need to know
one’s own limitations and listen to the body and
approach these temperatures on a gradient.

The body has collected the bad fats and lymphatic
congestion over a period of about 5 to 20 years or
more. Proper hot tubbing over a period of time can
detoxify and purify the lymphatic system of the bad fats

and other toxicity (such as salt and metals) that are
clogging it and causing it not to function properly.

Ninety percent of toxins are said to leave the body
through the skin as perspiration and evaporation. A
properly functioning lymphatic system is necessary for
this to occur.

In a very large number of persons it has been found
that the skin is blocked with lymphatic waste (trans-
fatty acids) and congestion that must be melted and
moved with heat. This is why the hot tub is the best
solution to handle this blockage and to get the
lymphatic system back to a proper operational
condition.

Once this is accomplished, normal sweat and exercise
should keep the body clean of toxicity provided of
course that one is not ingesting or breathing more
toxicity that will again clog up the lymph system and
body.

In summary there are many other benefits of a hot bath
or hot tub such as: relaxation, headache reduction,
helping your heart by reducing blood pressure,
increasing circulation and blood flow, easing muscle
pains, boosting production of serotonin, and with salts
in the water or Epsom salts the magnesium helps to
reduce inflammation, the heat relieves cold and flu
symptoms, helps to fight off viruses, steam from a hot
bath can help relieve stuffy noses and congestion, it
helps your breathing, stimulates metabolism, reduces

menstrual cramps by bringing blood to the area, burns
calories and can boost self-confidence.

Examples of detoxification / testimonials

‘high’ that is truly ineffable. In the hot tub, my
nervous system remains calm while I treasure
each moment listening to the sounds of nature
around me. There is research supporting
longevity by being aware of the benefits of healing
modalities to help the nervous system remain in a
calm state. The hot tub is one of these methods
for me.

“I know my hot tub ritual has played an important
role in my recovery and continues to improve the
quality of my life in many other ways. My energy,
organs, digestion, heart, mobility, and cognitive
functions have all continued healing and been
strengthened from this self-care I gift myself.

“This life-affirming hot tub system has
contributed to improving and enlivening my spirit
emotionally, physically and spiritually.

“I am forever grateful to John Reed for his
wisdom, support and expertise knowing how to
build a hot tub system with the proper filters that
eliminate the use of toxic chemicals.”

Thank you, John.

Lovingly,

Bonnie

To improve the hot tub experience some additives can
be put into the water.

A key one is salt. This can be Celtic Sea Salt, Himalayan
Salt, unprocessed sundried Sea Salt or Epsom salts.

Ordinary table salt should not be used as it is highly
processed with minerals taken out. It has chemical
additives such as iodine and chemicals to prevent it
from clumping.

The salts helps to detoxify the body. Epsom salts help
reduce pain and inflammation. Salt is not a “must have”
ingredient but is nice and makes for a better
experience.

Unpasteurized apple cider vinegar is for nourishing the
skin and it helps prevent muscle cramps and eases
bruising. It also helps to neutralize any remaining
toxicity from the water.

Clay. Recommended is Terramin clay from California.
The clay helps to soak up toxicity coming out of the
body and keep the water clean. It adds a nice feel to the
water, making it like a natural hot spring.

The mix for a hot bath of about 50 gallons (the size of
an old claw foot tub) is one half to one cup of Epsom
salts and 2 to 3 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar. If
other salts are used, only about 2 tablespoons are
needed. Clay can be one half a cup. A cup of milk or
coconut cream can be added too for a bath to help keep
the skin from drying out from the city (not fully
filtered) water. A hot tub with a proper filtration
system would not need milk or coconut cream. Also a
hot tub is not drained after each use and the milk or
coconut cream would get sour and smelly.

For a 5’ x 5’ hot tub which is about 700 gallons, you
would add more ingredients proportionately.

For example:

For a rectangular or square tub, multiply length by
width by depth x 7.5. This gives you the volume in
gallons.

For a round hot tub, the formula is radius squared x pi
(3.14) x depth x 7.5.

Anyone interested in this program can use a hot bath or
start with a hot bath. They are readily available to most
everyone. However, due to the size and heat retaining
qualities of an ordinary bathtub, they are far from ideal
for this program. They can be used of course but they
do take more time and work to get the same result.

First, most persons can’t get their whole body under
water in a bathtub all at one time. This reduces the
speed of progress of the program by at least 50%
considering only half your body is in the tub at a time.
One half is heating, the other half is not being treated.
Getting one’s entire body in the hot water gets the
fastest results.

Second, the water is constantly changing temperatures.

Even if one starts out at a high temperature, say at 108
degrees F, after about 20 minutes that temperature
sinks down to about 103 or 102 degrees F and now it is
time to take a break to get the bathtub back to 105 at
least. To do this simply drain about 2 inches of water
from the tub. Then grab a pail. Insert the cold water
that is first coming out of the faucet into the pail so as
not to cool the bathtub water even more. Once the
water is hot, fill up that 2 inches to bring the bathtub
water back up to about 108 degrees F. Then get back
into the tub to continue your soak.

Upon actual test, this takes about 3 to 7 minutes to
complete this process. Considering it needs to be done
every 20 minutes on average, you would have do this
several times for a 90 minute soak which is not
convenient.

Research has shown that the most one wants to take a
break from this hot water therapy is 2 to 3 minutes. If
one takes a break longer than this, the melting of the
hardened fat process starts to reverse. This can extend
the time needed to get the fats properly melted to a
fluid state so they can be eliminated.

The best option has been to let the water out while you
are in the tub. Then your time out of the tub to fill it
back up with hot water is less. Staying in the bathtub
during the re-fill is not comfortable as you may get
burned by the hot water coming into the tub with you
in it.

Considering these factors, let’s take a look at a proper
hot tub set up compared to the bath tub set up.

A hot tub has a heater and pump circulating water
through the tub keeping the tub at a constant set
temperature within about 2 degrees. You can set it to
the temperature most comfortable for you. There is no
having to take a break unless you wish to cool off for 2
to 3 minutes. A hot tub pump can be programmed so
that at a particular time of day it will be ready to go at
your desired set temperature.

With this, all you need to do is show up at your
scheduled time and get in. On the other hand, the bath
takes time to fill and get it to the right temperature, add
ingredients and get in it. A hot tub can be set up to be
at the ideal temperature 24/7 if you wish so that you
can go in at any time you please.

For a hot tub, you add the ingredients just one time
normally when you fill the tub with water. You can get
your entire body into the hot tub all at once.

Bath tub water is discarded after each use. With a hot
tub, the water is filtered and used for up to two months
before a need to change the water. You will save water
by using a hot tub.

Thus a properly set up hot tub is most convenient and
effective and worth the investment.

COOLING OFF

Most people embarking upon a program of hot tubbing
or hot and cold therapy are not accustomed to being in
such heat for long periods at high temperatures. It
takes a bit of getting used to. Even when you are “used
to it”, one does get hot and needs to cool off in order to
continue.

Methods of cooling off are:

Cold dip pool. This is my favorite and works the best
for me. There are several options for this. One is having
an ordinary pool near your hot tub. Or another “hot
tub” that is a dedicated cold dip pool. Or having a
bathtub available with cold water in it waiting for you

when you want a break.

One can use the ambient temperature for the cold
water which works adequately. Or one can set up a way
for the water to be set at a particular temperature like
50 or 60 degrees F. Some Turkish bath spas have cold
dip pools that get down to 50 or 48 degrees F.

One can jerry-rig an ordinary water cooler used for
drinking to cool the water for a cold dip tub. Plumbing
needs to be done from the water cooler through the
cold dip pool. This is a makeshift set up. Another
option is to purchase a water cooler machine that is
designed for a cold dip pool/tub. A separate pump
would be needed to circulate the water and a second
filtration system. Since you are in the cold dip pool for
only 2 minutes at a time, having a very thorough
filtering system (as recommended for the hot tub
soaking) is not vitally necessary but it is ideal.

Another method is to have a large bowl or bucket of ice
water nearby and have a few hand towels in it. You take
the ice cold towel and put it on your head and neck.
Immerse your wrists into the ice water for up to 2
minutes with your hands open. Open hands allow the
heat in your hands to dissipate more efficiently than
with a clenched fist. The whole body may start tingling
or chilling to the brain and then your bones. This is a
manifestation of sudden increased circulation and is
nothing to be concerned about. Store bought ice packs
designed to be on the skin can work in this way too like

the ice water towels. However they start warming
quickly and need to go back into the freezer to be able
to be used again.

A shower is another method of cooling off.

A bathtub or an old fashioned “claw foot” bathtub can
be used for a cold dip. The older ones are less
expensive than buying a smaller, additional wood tub.
If you get an old used claw foot tub, ensure you get the
original finish on them that is baked on. The ones that
are re-finished have a different coating which expels
toxins into the water. Perhaps this is not a big deal
when used as a cold dip as you are in the tub for a short
time, but if used for a hot bath the re-finished bath tubs
should not be used. Architectural salvage places carry
claw foot bath tubs often. Or you may find one off of
Craigslist, Offer-Up or FB marketplace. The old claw
foot tubs are made from cast iron and are very heavy.
Therefore they have very good insulation qualities that
new bath tubs often do not have.

The maximum time to spend in the cold dip pool for
best results is 2 minutes. One can extend this to 3
minutes being out of the hot water. If one is out of the
hot tub much more than this, the softening fats begin to
harden again. This of course is counterproductive of
your goal to melt the bad fats and expel them out of the
body via the pores.

Once you do the cold treatment a few times, your body
will acclimate to the heat better. Then you will be able

to stay in the hot water for longer periods.

When one is soaking in the hot water, it can cause one
to experience weariness. And it may seem to take
forever for a little time to pass. One solution for this is
to find something to take your mind off the heat. This
can be a movie or reading material or a video game
perhaps. Many things can be used to do work and keep
one’s attention off the hot water and increased body
heat.

This set up of a hot tub and cold dip pool highly
facilitates the ability to go back and forth many times
for hours. This activity moves out of the realm of just
hot tubbing for our purposes and into hot and cold
therapy. This is a very healthy option to have!

There are several books and writings about the benefits
of hot and cold therapy and there are several ways to
do it. It is known as an excellent way to help the body
circulate and increase blood flow for health and
healing. It is invigorating! The Japanese have been
doing it for hundreds of years up to temperatures of
107 to 115 for the hot water.

Contrast therapy is a powerful form of hydrotherapy
often used by Athletes. One immerses a limb or the
whole body into hot water for a time and then

immediately into ice cold water. Contrast therapy can
help move the lymph fluid quickly and efficiently
throughout the body and reduce inflammation. This
kind of pumping of the vascular/ capillary system
boosts the blood flow of the body causing one to feel
invigorated and alert. See “Hydrotherapy” in the
glossary.

Natural hot springs are wonderful. But you need to
check the temperature for them to qualify as a
lymphatic cleansing hot water therapy.

A popular doctor in California who cured cancer as well
as other ailments successfully with herbal treatments
considers hot and cold therapy a key element in his
treatments. This is Dr. Richard Schulze. And he says:

Pineapple contains a high level of bromelain that will
help break down dead cells and it eats away at and
neutralizes toxicity. It is like a natural dissolving agent.
When eating pineapple with the raw fats (raw butter,
raw cream & fresh raw coconut cream) you have a
healthy food that helps to neutralize and absorb the
toxicity under the skin. Once neutralized, the toxins are
then dispelled from the body via the sweat glands.

Coconut cream mixed with some fruit gives you the
best solvent or dissolving agent that dissolves toxicity
in the lymph system. When you add raw egg to the mix
it works even better.

Coconut cream and pineapple are very helpful to help
break down the bad fats or lymphatic waste under the
skin. This food combination assists the detoxification
procedure when using the hot tub. But the food can’t do
the job alone with a lymph system that is compromised.
The body will never eliminate lymphatic waste
properly without hot water therapy. It takes about 45
minutes at 105 degrees steady temperature for the
body to start eliminating the lymphatic waste.

One recipe is: One quarter cup to one cup of unripe
pineapple with three to six tablespoons coconut cream,
one to three tablespoons unsalted raw butter and one
to two tablespoons raw dairy cream. One can vary it
and add things like ginger and/or turmeric (both of
which help circulation) and unheated honey (never
heated above 93 degrees F) which aids in the digestion
of fats and protein.

The bromelain in the pineapple helps to prevent the
melted lymphatic congestion from hardening as much
when the body temperature later normalizes after
getting out of the hot tub.

Raw dairy (raw milk, raw butter and raw cream) can be
found by contacting representatives of the Weston
Price Foundation in your local area. The website
address is https://www.westonaprice.org.

Hydration drinks that are very good during and after
the hot tub soak can be made in a blender containing

any of the following:

cucumber; tomato; watermelon; whole raw milk; fresh
raw liquid whey. Use about 3 cups of any of these
mixed to your desire.

Remainder of the ingredients which are good are:

Whole raw milk is a food from nature that contains all
the necessary enzymes and good natural bacteria for
proper utilization and digestion. It can reverse and
prevent malnutrition. Raw whole milk contains natural
antibodies. It promotes the detoxification of
accumulated toxins, mutant cells and decay. It
facilitates digestion, helps tissue development and has
been found to help the reversal of cancer. Raw cream
promotes calm nerves and protects the nerves. Raw
cream also nutrifies the nervous system and brain.
Raw butter soothes and cleans the cells. These are all
very healthy foods.

Kefir or clabbered milk made from raw milk is a natural
process. It is this process from which cottage cheese
and yogurt are made and whey is obtained. If anyone
has any difficulty digesting raw milk, it is easier to
digest as kefir or with a small amount of unheated
honey mixed in. It is very rare that anyone has
difficulty digesting truly raw milk.

Raw milk can be obtained from a variety of animals:
cows, goats, sheep, camels and water buffalo. These
have all been available in the US in recent times. Each
has its own variation of nutrients. Cow milk is the most
common and abundant. Goat milk is next in line for
availability. Cow milk takes the longest to digest. Goat
milk digests faster and sheep milk even faster. Sheep
milk is high in vitamin C. Camel milk is a better milk to

consume if you are in a dry , arid climate.

There are claims that raw milk cause sickness. This has
never been proven. There is no scientific study in
existence that proves that raw milk is dangerous to
health. The book entitled “The Milk Book” by Dr. W.C.
Douglass provides information about the vitamins and
minerals that are destroyed in milk by pasteurization.
The fats in pasteurized milk become lipid oxides which
are known carcinogens. Only pasteurized milk
putrefies.

Quality water suggestions are spring water brands
provided in glass. It can be obtained sparkling or not.
Mountain Valley Spring water is a good one. In many
areas of the US there is a service where Mountain
Valley Spring water can be delivered to your door in 5
and 2.5 gallon sizes at about half the cost of what is
charged in the stores. Some areas of the US have other
spring water available in glass. Water in plastic of any
kind is not recommended as tiny plastic particles can
be leached into the water.

A natural sparkling mineral water gives you the
hydrogen peroxide effect of breaking down toxins. It
neutralizes and separates them so it is good to add it to
the hydration drinks or drink it by itself.

If you have a well, well water is good as it does not
contain the chemical additives that most city water has.
The water must be from a deep well that gets water
from the aquifer. In Florida for example the aquifer
ranges from 90 to 270 feet deep depending on location.
If you do not already have a well and would like one,
you can have one drilled for you by a company that
provides this service. Shallow wells that do not reach
into the aquifer are just as toxic as the chemically
treated city water if not worse. Such wells that do not
obtain water from the aquifer are used solely for
irrigation and not recommended for drinking by the
local municipalities.

Deep well water does need to be filtered as there are
commonly toxic substances that you do not want in
your hot tub soaking water, such as radon, arsenic,
iron, manganese, nitrates, hydrogen sulfide, etc. It is
normal for a well owner to have his well water tested
yearly to ensure such items are being properly filtered
out.

The whole point of having the cleanest possible water
to soak in is that soaking the body in water that
contains toxic chemicals or toxic minerals can be
harmful to the body. These elements will get into the
body via the pores. If the chemical is strong creating
vapors, as can be experienced with chlorine from city
water in the shower and public pools, the vapors can
get into the body via the sinuses and lungs when
breathed. These chemicals once inside the body can
cause damage to cells, kill cells, create dead and toxic

cells that store in the body creating a toxic
environment. This condition is one where healthy
circulation is inhibited and such growths as cancer
(tumors) can grow and thrive. One swim in a chlorine
pool won’t do much harm. It is the accumulation effect
and soaking for hours that can cause such conditions.

Municipal city water is known to contain the following
contaminates: aluminum, arsenic, copper, iron, lead,
pesticides, herbicides, uranium, ammonia, barium,
cadmium, chloramine, chlorine, chromium, fluoride,
bacteria, viruses, mercury, perchlorate, radium,
selenium, manganese, PFAS (complex chemical
compounds) and silver. Not only that but according to
Associated Press investigation in 2008, tiny amounts of
pharmaceuticals were found in 24 major cities water
supplies including bisphenol-A, antibiotics, opiates,
hormones and mood stabilizers.

In 2004 Prozac was found in the river system and
groundwater used for drinking in Britain. In the USA
(2004) the Environment Agency concluded Prozac was
in the water table and is a concern. Chlorination of the
water neutralizes only about 50% of such
contaminates. Boiling the water does not remove these
contaminates. Very thorough filtration is the best
answer.

In 2007 I worked with Aajonus Vonderplantiz to
develop a filtering system that would provide drinking
quality water (or as close to that as one can get) for hot

tubbing. The filter system is designed to eliminate toxic
chemicals from the city water supply so proper hot
tubbing (detoxification and purifying the body and
lymphatic system) can be done.

In a nutshell, what was worked out was a three stage
filter system in the sequence as below:

The application of these can be as follows:

Paper cartridge filter in one filter housing.

The activated carbon can have its own filter housing or
be combined with the sand in a large sand filter. Most
sand filters filter from the bottom to the top, so the
activated carbon would be on the bottom of the filter
and the sand on top.

Organic Coconut Activated Carbon was used and is
recommended.

It is really as simple as that. This is the 2007
technology.

In recent times other filter media have been developed

that gets down to 1 micron of filtration. This is
Activated Filter Media (AFM) which is defined later in
this chapter.

There are tips and tricks about how to best set this up.
One is that in the sand filter it is good to have ordinary
pea gravel (wash the dirt off the pea gravel first very
well) up to the point about level to where the filtering
rods start pushing out the water up the filter. This
makes for easier flow of the water through the filter
media. It also saves on filter media as below these rods
no filtration is done.

If you are using clay in the hot tub water and a paper
filter, it is good to have a three way valve installed to
bypass the paper filter temporarily. The clay will clog
the paper filter after a short time and you will need to
change it far too frequently. When you change the hot
tub water (discussed below) you use the paper filter to
thoroughly filter the fresh batch of water going into the
hot tub. Filter the new water about 4 to 5 full cycles. In
other words, all the new water is filtered at least 4 to 5
times using all 3 filters. Once this batch of fresh water
is filtered in this way, then bypass the paper filter with
the 3 way valve and use the activated carbon and sand
filter for normal filtration. This provides good filtration
for the period before the next change of water and
saves on having to change the paper filter about every
3 months. The paper filter will last about a year when
this is done.

Ozone is a gas. Ozone molecules have 3 oxygen atoms
unlike the oxygen in the air that gives life to the planet
which has 2 oxygen atoms. Thus, ozone is an oxidizing
agent. It oxidizes virtually everything and this is not
good in many aspects. It can turns oils into oxidized
substances which are very toxic. The EPA has set
standards for outdoor air quality to protect public
health and ozone is one element that is monitored and
controlled as breathing it can cause health problems.

Ozone used in water treatments does not clean the
water of chemicals. It is a biocide and destroys bacteria
and viruses and keeps the algae from growing. We are
concerned with eliminating toxic chemicals.

Hot tubs normally have a cover which is used to
insulate the hot tub and keep the water hot when not in
use to conserve energy. Algae won’t grow without
sunlight. Thus, there is no reason to be concerned
about algae in your hot tub if you have a cover for it.

Aajonus had a concrete hot tub open to the sunlight and
algae grew abundantly. It was about half an inch to an
inch thick. It was like a silk lining and felt very nice.

Algae is not harmful as the pool chemists insist (in
order to sell their chemicals). Algae in lakes is common
and normal.

Ozone generators for a hot tub or pool are not
recommended. Nor are ionizers. They create the
situation of dissolving tissue when you bathe or soak in
the water as well as the other factors as noted above.

Salt chlorinators for pools provide a way to get
nontoxic chlorine in the pool. These are electrical
chlorinators. You put in rock salt which is basically sea
salt. It is not cleaned or sterilized like table salt (Table
salt has chlorine added to it.). The system sends an
electrical charge through it and it converts some of the
salt into chlorine that is a non-chloroform vapor type of
chlorine.

Most pool services that service salt chlorinated pools
do it differently which is not healthy. They normally
use commercial salt provided by pool stores, not rock
salt. When testing the water for pH and chlorine levels
etc., if the salt by itself does not reach their chemical
standards, then they add regular chlorine to the pool.
This chlorine gives off chloroform vapors and
contaminates the pool with the toxic type of chlorine.
They use tablets or packets of chlorine in powder form
which is called “shocking” the pool.

Needless to say shocking the pool is toxic and ruins
your salt chlorinated pool water. The pool service
companies have standards they are ordered to follow

to kill bacteria and keep algae from growing. They have
insurance liabilities and are not concerned about a
healthy pool per se or a 100% salt chlorinated pool
using rock salt. It is best to learn to do it yourself using
rock salt or untreated natural sea salt and not use the
pool store salt. It is not difficult at all once you are
trained on it and it will save you money.

If you have a pool and hot tub combination you can
filter the pool water in the same way as the hot tub for
cleaner pool water. Using the AFM and Healthy Home
System pool filtration system, you will not need a salt
chlorinated system and won’t get algae.

If you are still concerned about the chemicals in the hot
tub or pool you can get lab tests done to determine the
chemical toxicity of the water by testing for each
chemical one at a time.

MORE ON POOL FILTRATION AND CLEAN POOL

/ HOT TUB WATER

Recently a new filter media came on the market called
Activated Filter Media (AFM) which is 3 stages (fine,
medium & coarse) of ground glass and can be used in
an ordinary sand filter housing. It filters down to 1
micron. AFM is currently being used with other
products and the combination is promoted to be an
excellent product for clean fresh non chlorine pool

water and whole house water filtration systems.

AFM can be used by itself with salt chlorinated pools or
as a stage in hot tub water filtering system. The name of
one company that is currently marketing this product
and product line is Healthy Home Systems from
Clearwater Florida.

AFM has a life span of up to 10 years when backwashed
about every 3 to 6 months. Usage plays a role in how
often the filter media needs to be backwashed.

I have not tested AFM as of this writing. Considering it
filters to 1 micron and is glass which does not leach out
any chemicals, it is very promising.

KDF Filter Media

KDF stands for Kinetic Degradation
Fluxion. KDF® filter media. It is a high-purity
formulation of copper-zinc granules which uses a
process called oxidation-reduction (redox) reaction.
KDF media exchanges electrons with contaminates
changing them into harmless components.

The KDF filter media was not widely known about
when Aajonus and I were involved with designing
filters for hot tubs in 2007. Later in 2012 he did
comment on KDF as a valid filter media as it reduces or
removes many heavy metals out of the water.

One key factor with KDF is that when used in a

sequence of filtering before granular activated carbon,
it can extend the life of the activated carbon
significantly. This is important as the normal life span
of KDF is about 6 years before needing to be replaced.
Activated carbon is said to last about 1 year before
needing to be replaced. Therefore using KDF first, the
activated carbon’s lifespan will extend. Regular
backwashing can also extend the life of all filter media.

There are several types of KDF tailored to specific uses.

KDF 55 medium mesh is designed specifically
for removing or reducing chlorine and water-soluble
heavy metals. It controls scale, bacteria and algae even
in hot water. Specifics include removing or reducing
contaminants such as chlorine, bacteria, heavy metals,
nitrates, nitrites, aluminum, arsenic, cadmium, copper,
iron, nickel, zinc, lead, chromium, barium, hydrogen
sulfide, mercury, radon, magnesium, calcium carbonate,
bacteria, algae, fungi, and selenium.

KDF 85 medium mesh removes or reduces
chloramines, iron, sulfur and hydrogen sulfide and
heavy metals from municipal or other water supplies.
This is a good one to use for a deep water well.

There are other types of KDF. These are KDF-C coarse
mesh and KDF–F fine mesh. They do the same thing
but are for designed for applications that do not apply
to hot tub and pool filtration.

Activated carbon is also called activated charcoal which
is misleading and confusing. They are not the same
thing although similar. You do not want activated
charcoal or charcoal as filter media. Only activated
carbon. The activated carbon has been heated or
otherwise treated to increase its absorptive power. The
'activation' process strips or removes the previously
absorbed molecules. It is used to purify liquids and
gases in a variety of applications including municipal
drinking water, odor removal and industrial pollution
control. Its source materials are carbon-like materials
such as coconut shells, nutshells, coal, peat and wood.

Chlorine molecules bind with carbon molecules. So it is
good to remove chlorine from water.

The recommended activated carbon to use is from
organic coconut shells.

Activated carbon’s life span on its own is about 1 year
depending on usage. If KDF is used before activated
carbon in sequence the KDF will extend the life of the
activated carbon.

There are many types of sand on the market for sand
filters. What is not recommended to use is sand from

the beach or child’s play sand as this sand is not filtered
or designed to be used in a filter.

as small as 20-40 microns.

Aqua Quartz and Palmetto are brand names of silica
sand. There are other brands on the market.

Sand filter media is said to last 5 to 7 years.

Natural zeolite occurs in volcanic rock. Zeolite is
widely used in domestic and commercial water
purification and softening. Chemically, zeolite acts as an
ion-exchange and separates molecules and only certain
sizes and shapes can pass through. Zeolite is not sand.
It reportedly has absorbing qualities double of that of
silica sand. It removes ammonia from the water and is a
much finer filter than silica sand and filters down to 3
microns.

Zeo Sand is a brand using Zeolite. Its life span is the
same as silica sand which is 5 to 7 years.

Diatomaceous earth pool filters and filter media are not

recommended. DE has a use in killing insects. Once
eaten by the insect, it cuts insects apart and shreds
them from the inside out. DE is not recommended to
use as a dietary supplement in any way. DE filter grade
type is high in crystalline silica and toxic to humans.
Thus dealing with the filter media can be dangerous
without personal protective equipment.

A sand filter housing can contain just about any type of
filter media. Hayward sand filters have served me well
for many years and I have had no problems with them.
I do suggest that they be covered by a canvas tarp or
something to protect them from the sunlight and rain.
When they are left out to the elements, the label
showing the function options to select by the hand
shifter fades. Also the rain can rust the little screws
holding things in place on the filter control housing.
One can build an enclosure for them like a little house
or “dog house” or have some other cover for them.

There are several brands of sand filters on the market.
The larger filters do not require changing the filter
media as often.

Backwashing is flowing the water in reverse to clean
the filter media and purge out sediment collected in the
filter media over time. It “refreshes” your filter media.
This is normally done when the hot tub water is
changed (about every 2 months depending on use.)
You do it until the water is clear as can be seen from
the sight glass on the sand filter. It starts out turbid and
you continue to backwash until the water is clear. This
extends the life of the filter media and provides cleaner
filtered water.

To perform this task, you make water flow adjustments
on your filters and backwash one filter at a time. You
put the first filter you want to backwash on the
backwash setting or backwash mode. The other filters
you put on recirculate. The water will run in reverse
taking the water from the hot tub and pumping it out
through the filter system backwards to the drain line of
the filter and out to the ground.

Once the water is clear through the sight glass of the
first filter, then rotate to the next filter putting the
second filter on backwash and the others on
recirculate. Repeat until all filters have been
backwashed and the sight glass of each shows clear
water flow. You may need to add fresh water to the hot
tub to get each filter fully backwashed.

The owner’s manuals of the filters have backwash
instructions. They also have instructions for installing

the filter media. The procedure for adding filter media
to the filter is reversed for changing the filter media.

Considering all the info contained herein, I recommend
the following sequence of filtration:

I consider with this up to date filtering technology and
adding Terramin clay to the water with salt and
vinegar, one would have very clean water and a hot tub
as close to a natural mountain hot spring as one can
get!

With this system in place and proper backwashing
being done, it is expected that the filter media will last
quite some time. The sign of dirty filter media is when
you change the water in the hot tub after backwashing
and the water is still a bit turbid. Then it is time to
change some filter media. With this system one could
change the activated carbon every 2 years, the sand
every 5 to 7 years, the KDF every 5 to 6 years and the
AFM every 8 to 10 years.

A wood hot tub is a large round tub usually 4 feet deep
or more used for hydrotherapy, relaxation or pleasure.
Some have powerful jets for massage purposes. Our
purpose is extended to detoxification.

A historical note - hot tubs were generally made from
marble and the hot stones were added to raise the
water temperature. Today there are marble and stone
bath tubs or soaking tubs available. Some higher end
homes have large stone hot tubs which are custom
built.

5’ x 5’ Western Red Cedar hot tub with a cedar wood
hot tub patented insulation installed.

5’ X 5’ Western Red Cedar wood hot tub nestled in the
back yard in a city environment.

A Japanese style ofuro tub ( ofuro [oh- foor -oh]) is for 1
or 2 persons. These bath tubs are found all over Japan
in houses, apartments and traditional Japanese inns
( ryokan [ ree -oh-kahn]) but are now usually made out
of a plastic or stainless steel. The sides are generally
square rather than being sloped. Some have rounded
ends. If you can get one large enough it is possible for a
normal size person to get his/her whole body into an
Ofuro at one time. The Ofuro is set up like a bathtub.
One can customize one as a hot tub if desired,

A Japanese style ofuro tub for 1 or 2 persons.

Acrylic spas (also made from fiberglass) came about in
the 1960s. In the mid 70's, spa shell manufacturers
created the first somewhat portable spa. They did this
by installing a cabinet around the shell and adding
framework to hide the equipment under the wood
skirting making it a self-contained unit. These units
today are mass produced and do not hold much water,
normally being only about 2 to 3 feet deep. Some are
round like a tub but most have slots molded for a
person to sit or lie down.

These are not recommended for our detoxification
purposes. First, they have the pump and heater near
where you soak, so you are bombarded by EMF. The
fiberglass or acrylic may leach into the water although
this has not been tested. If you ever try to use one for
the long soaks needed for detoxification you may find
that they are uncomfortable due to the pre-molded
permanent seat slots. There is not much room to move
around or stretch out and relax. If well taken care of, it
has been my experience they have a lifespan of about 4
to 8 years. The acrylic shells have a potential to crack.
Exposing the shell to the sun speeds their wearing out
which will increase the possibility of them cracking and
leaking.

Most are designed for ease of use, just buy it – the
company that sells it to you will deliver it – get it placed

and plug it in to 110 volt mains. But as mentioned
above, the pump and heater need to be re-located due
to the EMF. There is a trade off with using 110 volts. It
can be more convenient than running a 220 line, but it
takes twice as long to heat up the water using an
electric heater. No power is saved using a 110 volt
system.

One advantage to them is due to the smaller amount of
water acrylic spas use and the fact they are normally
well insulated for an electric heater set up, they do not
cost much to power compared to a wood hot tub
heated with an electric heater. A wood hot tub with
triple the amount of water heated with natural gas
costs about the same to heat as an electric acrylic spa.

A wood hot tub properly built and cared for will last 15
to 20 years. A marble or stone hot tub will of course
last almost forever unless damaged.

An acrylic spa (this example made from fiberglass).

These types are not recommended. The plastic tubs
would leach into the water. The metal tubs would have
tiny metal particles or metal ions leach into the water.

It is common for these acrylic hot tubs to get used up or
someone bought it for a fad or on impulse and they no
longer want it. They place it for sale on the used market
for a small price or for free. One must be alert to the
fact that often these are junk and damaged. They are
very difficult to move. Thus the owner is happy to give
it away to avoid paying $300.00 or so for someone to
come and take it away. Some good ones can be found
on the used market that do work fine. I have found
these are few and far between. If you get one, it needs
to have the pump and heater re-located far enough
away from the soaking area so you are not affected by
the EMF when soaking.

TYPES OF PUMPS AND HEATERS

The natural gas heater is the most economical by far.

Next in line is propane and last is the electric heater.
The cost of running these depends upon: how long it is
run, how hot, the ambient temperature, how far the
plumbing is from the heater to the hot tub, if the
plumbing lines are insulated or not and the insulation
qualities of the hot tub.

I have used Pentair pumps and natural gas heaters and
done well with them. I have had very poor results with
Raypack electric heaters. I have had good success with
Hydro-Quip electric heaters. There are many brands
on the market to choose from.

Wood fired or wood burning heating systems for hot
tubs are hot tubs with a wood fire in a metal box in the
water that heats the water through conduction.
Another type of wood fired hot tub is having nearby a
wood burning stove. The water is run through
plumbing to a heat exchanger that is heated by the
wood burning stove. With these, it is extremely
difficult to maintain a constant temperature and they
are therefore not recommended. Wood burning
heating is very labor intensive in regard to starting and
maintaining a fire and cleaning up the ashes.

There is no specific pump or heater exclusively for hot
tubs. Pool heaters and pumps are simply adapted for
hot tub use.

The money savings with natural gas is worth the
installation time and cost. Electric heaters are the
easiest to install but the cost of running them can be 5

times or more than a natural gas heater.

When gas heaters are not in use, carbon deposits can
start to corrode the interior cabinet and will cause you
problems. This is why it is a good idea to start your
heater and run for at least 5 minutes at least once a
month.

With natural gas heaters, the higher the BTU rating, the
faster the hot tub will heat up. A 100,000 BTU heater is
plenty for a hot tub and raises the temperature about 7
to 10 degrees per hour. The market is always changing
with pool heaters and pumps.

Pumps vary depending on horse power and size of
piping. I have had good success with Pentair Veriflo
pump. It is run on 220 volts and is designed to save as
much as 90% on electricity compared to regular pumps
and is very quiet. It has 2 inch PVC plumbing going in
and out. It is also programmable. Heaters are designed
not to work without water flow. Therefore having a
programmable pump is very convenient as you do not
then need any kind of programming with the heater or
any other part of the system.

Most companies that sell hot tubs also sell hot tub kits
that you assemble yourself. Most are made from
Western Red con heart cedar. Con heart means it
comes from the heart or middle of the tree. This wood
has the straightest grain with no knots. It stays the
straightest and is resistant to warping.

I researched buying a hot tub kit versus buying the
wood and making my own hot tub from scratch using
Western Red cedar con heart wood. I found that the big
companies buy wood in large wholesale quantities and
a single guy buying can’t compete with that price. It is
easier and cheaper to buy a hot tub kit and assemble it
yourself.

Another option is to purchase a ready built hot tub
from one of these hot tub companies and have a trained
person do the installation for you.

Both redwood and cedar have the best swelling and
wood rot resistant properties of any wood which
makes them the best choice for a hot tub. The con
heart vertical grain wood is less likely to naturally bend
or warp and should last 15 to 20 years.

Redwood hot tubs are not sold by companies anymore
as when hot tubs got popular in the late 70’s to early
80’s the planet was running out of redwood so laws
were enacted to protect the redwood trees. Cedar then
became the wood of choice for hot tubs.

Other types of wood can be used to build a wood hot
tub. Douglas fir was used commonly in the past for
making ships. White oak and pine can be used as well.
Alaska cedar is reportedly a harder wood than Western
Red Cedar and lasts 20% longer.

The wood selected must be kiln dried with vertical
grain. Kiln dried wood expands making a water tight
seal when you add the water to the tub. The metal
straps that surround the hot tub are bound tight with
the dried wood as it is assembled. However, it is the
swelling that creates the seal. It can take 4 to 6 days for
the wood to expand out fully and become water tight.
Leaking is normal until this process is complete.

Knotty wood should not be selected for a hot tub. It can

be used if the knot is only partly on the surface of the
wood and does not go all the way through the board. If
the knot goes all the way through you will get trouble.
The knots may not swell very well and may also warp
after a few years. A knot can leak after a while and
even rot out or pop out in which case you will have a
hole in your tub. The repair of a hole is not practical.
Perhaps the stave can be replaced. It is better and
easier to just pay the extra money and get wood with
no knots.

Concrete is best. The foundation needs to be level and
solid. A 4 inch pad of concrete is standard and
recommended. This is the standard thickness of a
driveway. You do not need steel mesh or re-bar for a 4
inch thick concrete pad.

You can mount a hot tub on a wood deck but it would
probably need reinforcement to hold the weight of the
hot tub and water. A 6x4 hot tub with water weighs
about 6200 pounds. Thus, the wood deck weight
bearing capabilities would need to be evaluated to see
if reinforcement is needed.

If you do not have or do not want to build a concrete
slab for your hot tub there are other options. One is
railroad ties. Space them every 12 inches or 14 inches
on center. You can place them on gravel or just the dirt.
Realize if you place the ties on the dirt they will
eventually rot out from the dirt moisture even with the
creosote coating.

Another option is to use a 6 to 8 inch gravel bed upon
dirt.

Partial underground hot tubs I have found not to work
well. The wood gets wet and can stay wet next to the
ground. The wood can’t breathe well and dry out well.
This causes the wood to rot out much faster than its
usual life.

Each hot tub manufacturer that sells pre-built hot tubs
or hot tub kits to assemble has their own proprietary
method of adjoining the staves and putting together the
hot tub. Each company by their own design is vying to
be “the best and only” but in actual fact, all they are
doing is trying to make it so a table saw is not needed
for the last stave. Many people don’t have a table saw
or are not trained to use one. I have found to get the
best results the last stave is always a custom cut
needing a table saw. The angles and width are different
on the last stave for each hot tub. There is no way
around this really for the perfect fit. Yet the hot tub
companies do try with their methods and often they do
work fine.

Each hot tub company sells steel rings or hoops that
surround the hot tub and hold the tub together. This is
similar to a wine barrel. I have used a few types over
the years. They all work fine really. Thus, if you are
building your own tub from scratch, just get the hoops
you feel are the best from one of the companies. If you
buy a kit, the hoops or rings will come with the kit. The
companies I have worked with are Robert’s Hot Tubs in
northern California; Snorkel Hot Tubs in Seattle
Washington; and Northern Lights in Canada.

Another hoop/ring option is a silo distributor.

Another is to get 2 to 3 inch metal strips the length of
the circumference of the hot tub with threaded bolts
welded into them. Or get a 90 degree edge with a bolt
hole on each end of the hoop. Then insert a nut and bolt
to tighten. The welding can be done by a local welding
shop. Another option is a cable; form loops at the end
and secure them with clamps. Then use a turnbuckle to
tighten them. A plastic shield should be placed around
the turnbuckles to protect the wood while tightening.
There are many varying designs.

The wood for the staves is to be 2 x 6 nominal wood.

Table for number staves and angle cuts:

Tub Diameter: Cutting angle: #of Staves: #Gallons
3 Feet 8 degrees 30 minutes 23 262
4 6 degrees 30 minutes 30 420
5 5 degrees 18 minutes 37 615
6 4 degrees 15 minutes 45 869

8 3 degrees 6 minutes 60 1117
The gallons measurement is based upon a 4 foot tall hot
tub. If you wish a 5 foot tall hot tub, the angle is the
same but the stave is longer of course and it will hold
more water.

They can be simply 6x6 or 4x6 pressure treated beams.
This supports the floor of the hot tub and they rest on
the concrete slab or other foundation.

Procedure

Decide on size of the hot tub you want to build

2.Get the angle for the staves from the grid that you
will use for the cuts

3.Set up your table saw using the protractor so you
can cut the staves to the correct angle

4.Use less expensive wood for a test cut. Adjust the
angle as needed so it is exact as per the angle laid
out in the grid

5.Bevel cut all the staves using the table saw and
the angle of the staves per the grid except for 1
stave which you will cut last. You are cutting this
bevel on both sides of the stave.
You are making a custom sized trapezoid. It is
this angle that forms the round tub by putting all
the pieces (staves) together.
Trapezoid:

6.Using the table saw and dado blade, notch all the
staves to accept the floor. Measure 3 inches up

7.Clean any burs and edges off the staves and keep
them dry.

10.Drill the one dowel hole 3 inches from each end
and two others spaced in between so there are 4
dowels total. You will need to measure accurately
both sides of each of the floorboards which are to
fit to themselves using the dowel holes. You want
them to align easily when assembling and be
flush with each other. If there is a bit of wood
hanging jaggedly off at the end of the board that
is okay. The ends will be cut with the jig saw to
form the circular floor.

11.Lay out the floor boards.

12.Drill each dowel hole 1 & 1/8th deep in each floor
board that will be connecting to each other.

13.Insert the dowels and using a rubber hammer,
gently drive the floor boards together.

14.Once the floor boards are tightly together, using

15.This will be the bottom of the floor.

17.Now that the line is drawn, carefully make your
circumference cut with a jig saw. Make sure your
jig saw is properly set for a 90 degree cut.

18.With a light sander such as an orbital sander or
by hand, chamfer both edges of the floor to aid in
the attachment of the staves.

19.Flip over the floor and place it on the support
4x4 or 4x6 beams and get it even and supported.
The floor should have about 2 inches of working
room on the sides to allow for the stave
installation.

20.Install the staves one at a time using the rubber
hammer to secure them in place. Use the blue
masking tape to hold them together as you go
along. You may also need some kind of brace. Do
not pound the staves in completely at first; this
will help to snug up the staves to each other as
they come together at their angles. Once you
have installed several staves, go back and pound
them in completely. Make sure you pound the
staves in sideways as you go along. Repeat these
steps as you go along.

RING INSTALLATION

For a 4 foot tall hot tub, the first ring is set directly at
the edge of the floor where the staves meet the floor.

Tighten them snugly.

The second ring is at 12 to 14 inches from the bottom
of the floor.

The third ring is set at 44 inches or so.

The forth ring is placed near the top, about 6 inches
down from the top. I recommend 4 rings for a 4 foot tall
hot tub and 5 rings for a 5 foot tall hot tub.

Stagger the lugs of the rings so they are not all in a row
going up the hot tub.

Tighten the bottom ring as well as you can. Take the
rubber mallet and pound on the ring to tighten the
wood staves into the floor even more. Then re- tighten
the ring again. Repeat.

Continue on up without the mallet on the upper rings.
Then start again at the bottom until the rings are about
as tight as you can get.

Once the rings are installed on the hot tub, now is a
good time to measure for the plumbing holes and cut
them. You will have 2 intake holes a minimum of 3 feet
apart and about 3 inches up from the floor. If they are
closer than 3 feet apart it is a safety hazard as the
suction can potentially drown someone. The water

inflow hole should be higher on the wall of the tub
about 3 feet up from the floor for a 4 feet tall hot tub.
Cut the plumbing holes so it is tight fit for the fitting
and secure with silicone waterproof sealant.

If you desire to install jets, more holes will need to be
cut for this additional plumbing. You will need to obtain

a design or plan for the jets and work out where the
holes for the jets will go. If you get a hot tub kit from a
hot tub company, they can provide installation
instructions for the jets. They should also have a jet
diagram and other information to assemble your hot
tub.

It is a good idea to install couplers on both sides of each
filter so that the filters can be removed easily for
changing the filter media in the future.

Flex (flexible) PVC can be obtained from your local pool
store. Ordinary hardware stores do not normally carry
Flex PVC.

Basic plumbing knowledge is required for the
installation of PVC plumbing for the hot tub pump,
heater and filters.

Sunlight (UV) will make PVC brittle over time. It is
recommended that the pipe be protected
from sunlight exposure for permanent above-
ground PVC pipe installations. The easiest way to do
this is by painting the pipe. A water-based paint
designed for exterior use is best.

To measure for the bench, take the wood to be used
and lay it on top of the tub. Go under it and scribe the
angle along the inner edge. Cut the marked line with a

jig saw. Save the pieces. Measure and get the height
you want for the bench. Then make blocks or ledger
pieces to support the bench from the scrap pieces you
have. These ledgers will be about the width of a stave
or a bit smaller. Measure and mark where you want the
supports to go. Mark the screw holes for mounting the
ledger blocks. Do not screw into the seam of the stave.
Have the screws for the support blocks for the bench
lined up to be at least one inch away from the seams.
Pre-drill the holes in the ledger blocks. Set the ledgers
into place using a level and screw them in. Install the
bench on top of them and counter sink the screws
holding the bench in place. Use stainless steel or deck
screws that are waterproof. Be sure the screw is not
too long when installing the ledger blocks. Do not
penetrate the wall of the hot tub with the screw. Allow at
least 5/8th of an inch minimum space to the outside
wall. 3/4 of an inch is plenty to secure the block and
this is half the width of the 2 x 6.

Repeat for more benches of different heights as
desired. The diagram above is for one bench the same
size for the entire tub. I recommend smaller benches.
Perhaps two benches of different height about 2 to 2.5
feet long. This allows for space with no benches so
there is more leg room.

Sand along the top lip of the tub very well so there is no
chance of splinters. Sand all around the tub as needed.

There are a variety of ways to get in and out of the hot
tub. Simple wood stairs are good. There are a few
different designs and preference that take a role in this
decision as well. Pre-made stairs are available from
most companies that sell hot tubs which are easy to
assemble or you can design and build them yourself.

Many hot tub companies sell shelves to attach to the
outside of the hot tub. These come in very handy for
setting drinks on them or placing a monitor to watch
movies. But be very careful when placing electrical
components near a hot tub as if the wires get into the
water with you in the tub you can get shocked or even
electrocuted to death if the 120 volt mains get into the
water.

The plumbing sequence is: pump to filter system to
heater to hot tub and return to pump.

The filter goes before the heater so you don’t plaque it
up with dead cells coming off your skin. The vinegar
will help keep the sea salt from corroding the heating
element.

Due to the electromagnetic fields (EMF) created by the
electric heater and pump, it is healthy to have these at
least 4 to 8 feet away from the hot tub where you are
soaking. You can check this with an EMF meter. Being
near EMF above 3 milligauss for extended periods of
time is not healthy for the body. The other side of this is
that the shortest distance from the pump and the least

amount of piping twists and turns makes the pump's
job easier and is less expensive to operate. The length
of the piping should be as short as possible.

The plumbing to use is PVC schedule 40 whether 2 inch
or 1.5 inch. You can use schedule 80 for runs coming
directly out of the heater if you wish. Schedule 80 is
designed for higher temperatures. But schedule 40 is
designed to handle up to 140 degrees F and works fine.

Be sure to install check valves in the plumbing so water
is not allowed to backflow into the hot tub.

The jet bubbles in a hot tub are fun and have a
massaging effect but they are not necessary for the
purpose of lymphatic decongestion and detoxification
soaks. They cost additional money and installation
labor and they are noisy. If you want to watch a movie
or relax reading, etc., they can be a distraction due to
the noise and water agitation.

SWELLING PROCESSING AND SEALING THE

HOT TUB TO WATER TIGHT

When starting out the swelling process to water seal
your tub, use about 6 to 8 inches of water (hot water if

possible) and let it sit for a few days. Fill it back up to 6
to 8 inches if it leaks too low during this period. Keep at
this until it no longer leaks out and the wood is swelled
at that level. This will save a lot of water compared to
filling it up to the top and letting it all leak out. Once
this first 6 to 8 inches is sealed, then fill the whole tub
to the top. It will take about 4 days for the swelling
processes to complete at which point the hot tub is
water tight.

Hot water causes the wood to swell much faster than
cold water.

A drain in the floor of the hot tub must be properly
installed or it may leak. Without a floor drain you won’t
have that risk but getting all the water out of the tub
requires a different procedure. The method used to
evacuate the water from the tub with no drain is to
pump most of the water out using the drain lines of the
filters (you can backwash at the same time). You then
use a wet/dry shop vacuum to suck out the last bit of
water (about 4 inches). Do not run the pump without
water as you may damage the pump. Thus, you need to
monitor this process and shut off the pump before it
starts to suck air from the water inlet lines. You fill the
hot tub with water using a garden hose. It is suggested
to change water every 6 to 8 weeks if you are using the
hot tub daily.

NEVER apply any type of wood sealer or wood
preservative to the inside or outside of your tub. Leave

it unfinished and natural. These products may by
harmful to your health. They may also keep your tub
from sealing properly. The wood is best preserved by
keeping the outside dry and allowing it to breath.

Keep water in your tub at all times. Water causes the
wood to swell, which is how the tub seals. If the tub is
allowed to dry inside, the boards will become loose and
the tub will leak. If you must drain the tub completely
and leave it dry for a period, be sure to re-tighten the
stainless steel bands before refilling.

If after all these steps, the tub still does not seal water
tight one remedy is to put sawdust into the water. The
sawdust works its way into the tiny crevices and helps
to seal the tub. You can also use clear 100% silicone
adhesive around the bottom of the tub where the floor
meets the staves if desired. This decision to use the
silicone would need to be done before you put in any
water when the wood is dry. Some hot tub companies
recommend this and it is included in their assembly
instructions. I have always been able to seal a hot tub
when properly built using only sawdust as needed.

HOW TO EXTRACT TANNIN FROM THE WOOD

OF A NEW HOT TUB

Newly harvested wood soaking in water will expel
tannin into the water. The water looks like dark tea. If

you soak in it, your skin takes on the color somewhat
and it gets into your body via the pores. This is not
recommended. Some wood has this issue more than
others. If you have an excessive amount of tannin
coming into your hot tub water, it is recommended you
do a treatment to get it out before taking long soaks in
your hot tub. The majority of the tannin can be
extracted from the wood by getting about a gallon of
soda ash (available from a pool supply store) and
putting it into the water and letting it sit for a couple of
days. Then rinse it all out. This pulls out the majority of
the tannin from the wood. Once this process is
completed, fill the hot tub with fresh water.

To move your built hot tub you would first (obviously)
drain out all the water. Then get about 5 or 6 guys to lift
it onto a truck. Another option is to get it onto a pallet.
Then using a forklift and pallet, put onto a truck. It is
similar to moving a piano. Taking out the waterlogged
seats is also helpful as this cuts down on the weight of
the hot tub.

Disassembling it and reassembling it would require
drying of the wood before rebuilding. The drying of the
wood could take 3 months or more in a hot and dry
climate with the wood properly stacked so it does not
warp. Or it could be taken to a place there they kiln-dry
wood and have them dry it. Once fully dry you would
have to re-build the hot tub. It is easier to move it built.

When you have the hot tub into its new position, you
will need to re-tighten the bands and re-seal it as the
staves will shift during moving.

Empty the tub of water. Use organic apple cider vinegar
as a cleaning solvent. Pour it on the inside walls of the
hot tub and scrub with a brush and rinse. Vacuum with
a wet/dry vacuum or simply drain it out if you have
installed a drain in your tub and rinse it out. You can do
this a few times if necessary. Ordinarily it is done once
every time you change the water.

If you live in a climate where it gets below freezing for
any length of time you need to ensure your hot tub is
programmed to keep warm and not freeze.

The other option is to turn off your system. To do this
you must drain the water out of all filters, the heater,
plumbing lines and pump. Open up all the valves to the
pump and heater and drain plugs of the filters. Then set
the filters to “winterize”.

If your climate is below freezing and power goes off or
the pump shuts down, you have about 2 hours to get

the pump and heater working before the cold will
freeze and damage your system. If you can’t heat the
system in about 2 hours then you must drain the
system quickly so that it does not freeze and damage
the equipment. The freezing water will expand and
break or crack the plumbing pipes and housing of the
pump. It may also damage internal parts of the heater.
It is a very costly mistake!

Low water level can also shut down the pump
unexpectedly.

During the winter, the water must stay at 65 to 70
degrees F minimum to avoid freezing.

There are rules and regulations regarding pool safety
which also apply to hot tubs. It is best to simply know
and follow these rules for your local area.

Hot tubs and cold dip pools should be fenced in and
kept out of the reach of unsupervised children. One
simple solution is to get a hot tub cover that locks. A
lock is a normal requirement when you purchase a hot
tub cover. Check your local municipality on the
regulations but having a locking hot tub cover and the
hot tub in a fenced yard may be all you need.

There are safety factors for safe hot tubbing.

If you build your own hot tub following these
instructions, purchase your own heater and pump, etc. ,
and do the installation yourself, you do so at your own
risk and responsibility.

Soaking in a hot tub above 104 degrees F. is considered
by some US regulatory groups as unsafe. No proof
exists that this is actually dangerous for a healthy
person. No laws have been established to enforce hot
water temperatures for anyone. Today in Japan many
bath houses have water temperatures that go up to 113
or 115 degrees F. They use the higher temperatures for
short soaks. Up to 107 degrees F is standard for the hot
springs (onsen) in Japan for long soaks. The Hammam
for Turkish hot baths (steam room) average 113
degrees F. Saunas and other steam rooms reach much
higher temperatures. Saunas are typically 150 to 195
degrees F. For our uses with the hot tub and our own
research for the hot water detoxification, 110 degrees F
is our high limit.

In the USA, pool heater companies are regulated to
have the thermostat high level set at 104 and are not
allowed to have markings on the thermostat that go
above 104. Such regulatory groups purport that in 106
degree F water or above heat strokes are a possibility.
Yet they provide no evidence that such has ever
occurred as a direct result of soaking in hot water at
106 degrees F or higher temperatures. A heat stroke is
a very extreme condition and no one I know doing hot
tubbing as suggested in this book has ever come close

to such.

Such regulatory groups also state that there is a
possibility of even 104 degrees F water causing fetal
damage during the early months of pregnancy and a
pregnant woman should not soak in a hot tub in
temperatures above 100 degree F in general. Other
warnings include that the elderly, obese persons and
persons with a history of heart disease, low or high
blood pressure, circulatory system problems, or
diabetes should consult a physician before using a hot
tub. Persons using medication should consult a
physician before using a hot tub since some
medications may induce drowsiness while other
medications may affect heart rate, blood pressure and
circulation.

Some pool heaters used for hot tubs may not go higher
than 104 or 106 degrees at its highest thermostat
setting. I had a Pentair Mini-Max 100 (100,000 BTU)
with an analog thermostat that went as high as 112
degrees F. (This model is no longer made.) The heater
you purchase should be tested to see how hot it gets. If
the heater you have does not heat to the desired 110
degrees F it will need customization for it to do so. One
simply needs to install a thermostat that will allow the
heater to heat the water to the higher temperatures. A
mechanical contractor or HVAC contractor is trained on
how to replace or install a thermostat in a pool heater.

Anyone can get 110 Degrees F hot water in a bathtub

from the home hot water supply. Hot water heaters for
the home can go as high as 150 degrees F. Most home
tap water is set at about 115 degrees F.

Prolonged periods of exposure to high water
temperatures can raise internal body temperature and
this is what we want for detoxification. It will occur
when soaking in temperatures from 10 5 up to 110.
When done correctly, this is healthy for detoxification.
Research and experience show these temperatures
when dealt with responsibly are totally safe.

It is smart and recommended that you know your body
and introduce yourself to hot tubbing as laid out in this
book gradually. Test the waters. Listen to your body
and intuition in terms of how hot you want the water to
get and for how long. Normally, the more one gets used
to the hotter temperatures the more enjoy and desire
them. Then 104 degrees F seems almost cool!

For me personally, I like to start at 108 to 109 F. And
take short cold dips to keep me going. The first time I
heated up hot and jumped into a cold dip pool I got
dizzy and my heart started pumping fast with the shock
of the temperature difference. To me this is a blessing!
It felt great! To others who are perhaps fearful of this
level of physical exertion, then perhaps this high level
of circulation and health approach is not correct for
you.

An unhealthy person may have issues with their body’s
ability to regulate temperature. This also applies to

children. High body temperature can affect people
differently. Too much heat may result in nausea,
dizziness or fainting. Just as if you were out in the sun
all day at 93 degrees F (or higher), one can get
dehydrated or get exhausted when not dealing with
such conditions correctly. For example drink enough
fluids to stay hydrated; take a break from the heat, etc.
One must understand such things and be prepared to
prevent uncomfortable conditions and know how to
deal with them if one overdoes it. This is just common
sense.

Until you become familiar with your body’s reaction to
hot water immersion at various temperatures, you
should limit your hot tub time and temperatures. Once
you get used to it make your judgements accordingly.

The manufacturers of pumps and heaters provide their
own safety recommendations and installation
requirements. All electrical hook ups are to be done in
accordance with NEC standards and ideally such work
should be performed by a licensed electrician. The gas
lines as well should be installed by a licensed person
who knows the local codes and requirements to do a
standard and safe gas line installation.

If you would like to insulate your wood hot tub to save
energy costs please go to lifegivinghottub.com and fill

out the contact form. This is a patented design that is
sold separately. It is something that you have to build
yourself or hire a carpenter to build around your wood
hot tub. It will help save on energy costs for operating
your hot tub by an estimated 10% to 20%.

Many thermometers do not register a totally accurate
temperature. They can be off by a 10th of a degree to as
much as 3 degrees. The way to test the accuracy of a
thermometer is to place the sensing probe into fresh
(not salted) ice water using mostly ice. Water freezes
at 32 degrees F. The ice water won’t get to an exact 32
degrees as the ice is melting. But the thermometer
reading should get pretty close to that. If your
thermometer is too far off, you should get a more
accurate one as desired.

Hot tubs deal with water, plumbing, electricity and
natural gas or propane. A pool contractor should have
the knowledge and license to install a hot tub for you in
all aspects or hire sub-contractors to do the work. But
this may not be the case in all areas. In this case one
would need to get someone trained in each trade
separately.

If you have any questions go to lifegivinghottub.com
and fill out the contact form and for a fee get any
questions answered.

Happy hot tubbing!

Appendix: the appendix acts like a library for any
poison that has ever entered your body and is a record
of how your body needs to respond to it. It is part of the
immune system. For example, tiny traces of all the
snake bites, bee stings, etc. are stored in your appendix
like an indexed library. Let’s say you get bitten by that
same snake again, your body will know instantly by
going to the appendix for data what remedy or anti-
bodies are needed to deal with that poison. Then the
body activates that remedy within twenty to thirty
minutes. For those that have had their appendix
removed when that same poison enters the body again,
the body’s chemistry must re-evaluate the poison
newly to respond and this process can take up to 36 to
40 hours.

Aquifer: an underground layer of water-bearing
permeable rock, rock fractures or unconsolidated

materials. Groundwater can be extracted from an
aquifer using a water well.

Aspartame: the second best selling non-sugar
sweetener in the world yet dangerous. Researchers in
Italy concluded that rats exposed to varying doses of
aspartame throughout their lives developed leukemia,
lymphomas, and several other cancers. It is hidden in
many common foods and beverages. When your body
processes aspartame, there's a part of it that gets
broken down into methanol. Methanol is toxic in large
quantities. Once this methanol is in your body, it is
converted into formaldehyde, which can wreck your
DNA and sensitive proteins. A few of the disorders that
can be caused by aspartame are birth defects, cancer,
diabetes, emotional disorders, epilepsy, and seizures.

Bevel: a slope from the horizontal or vertical in
carpentry and stonework; a sloping surface or edge.

Carbonation added: made by chemical synthesis. A
chemical reaction created with sodium carbide or
another chemical. It is a chemically produced carbon
dioxide and is toxic. This type of carbonation causes
radicals or free radicals, resulting in mineral and
oxygen deficiencies and sometimes
it can cause a headache.

Chamfer: to "ease" otherwise sharp edges. A sloped or
angled corner on an edge.

Chelation therapy: the use of chemicals to attract
heavy metals such as lead, cadmium, mercury, and
plaque from soft tissues such as organs, veins and
arteries in order to be eliminated them from the body.
Research of over 200 cases has shown that the body
does not discard most of those toxins attracted. Yet the
added chemicals of chelation and the heavy metals and
plaque so attracted re-store in the body in other areas
such as the lymph system, skin, connective tissue,
bones and bone marrow. Therefore, chelation therapy
is considered as harmful to the body as chemotherapy.

Chemtrails: chemtrails refers to the theory that
governments or other parties are engaged in a secret
program to add toxic chemicals to the atmosphere from
aircraft in a way that forms visible plumes in the sky.
Various different motivations for this spraying are
speculated, including reduction of life expectancy,
sterilization, mind control or weather control.

These chemtrails are clearly visible in the sky and
remain in the atmosphere for hours until dissipated.
These are not the same thing as contrails at all. (See
contrails in this glossary.)

Laboratory examination of chemicals found that they
are sourced manufacturing wastes from military

industry and bio-warfare substances. Several
laboratory analyses revealed the composition of
chemtrails as:

Chemtrail researcher Cliff Carnicom concludes
that crimes of the highest order are being perpetrated
against citizens without their knowledge or consent.
Although chemtrails are frequently reported, the US
Government continues to deny the existence of
chemtrails.

Chines: the support beams under a hot tub that
supports it.

Chloramine: a n organic compound containing a
chlorine atom bonded to nitrogen used for antiseptics,
disinfectant and treating water. It is formed when
ammonia is added to chlorine to treat drinking water.

Coconut Cream / Coconut Milk : an opaque, milky-
white liquid extracted from the grated pulp of mature
coconuts. It is a traditional food ingredient used in
Southeast Asia, south Asia, Oceania, and east Africa.
One can make this at home with a twin gear juicer after
harvesting the white coconut meat from a mature
coconut. Any sold in stores i.e. in a can or jar on the
store shelf, has been heated, processed and has
additives and is devoid of natural bacteria and enzymes
vital to its proper digestion and utilization. Fresh
coconut cream per research of over 3000 cases was
found to be the most effective cleansing fat when fresh
and raw. It is water soluble and easy for the body to
utilize.

If you do not wish to make your own coconut cream,
fresh raw coconut cream can be obtained from a
company in Missouri called “Original Living Coconut”.
The website is of the same name.

Conduction: the process by which heat or electricity is
directly transmitted through a substance when there is
a difference of temperature or of electrical potential
between adjoining regions, without movement of the
material.

Contrails: 33,000 feet above the earth’s surface and
upward from there, when hot engine exhaust
momentarily condenses, ice crystals are formed into a
pencil-thin like vapor trail that quickly vanishes behind
a jet.

Contrast therapy: See Hydrotherapy in this glossary.

Dado: a groove cut in the face of a board, into which
the edge of another board is fixed.

Dado blade: a specially designed table saw blade that
is designed to make thick notches in boards.

Earthing / Grounding: refers to contact with the
Earth's surface electrons by walking barefoot outside
or laying down on the grass with skin contact on the
ground or by sitting, working, or sleeping indoors when
connected to conductive systems that transfer the
energy from the body into the electrical grounding
system of the home.

EMF: Electro-Magnetic Field radiation. EMF produces
waves of protons and neutrons that exchange and
change the molecular structures of most biological
substances within the EMF range. Such effect creates an
imbalance in the electron/proton balance of the atoms
which can alter the molecular structure and behavior of
the cells. They are measured in milligauss or gauss. The
strongest is an MRI (magnetic resonance imaging)
machine that uses about 75,000 milligauss. Other
sources are common electronics in a modern home at a
much lower level in the range of 3 to 150 milligauss.
Electric ranges produce EMF that can potentially alter
the biological makeup of the food cooked using an
electrically powered range or cook top. Personal
exposure to electromagnetic pollution should be
avoided. Earthing is said to help cure EMF effects in the
body.

Empirical: based upon observation and experiment
instead of theory.

Flush: when two adjoining surfaces are joined
perfectly flat to each other they are flush. If off a bit,
one is 'proud' and the other 'shy'.

Hammam: a hammam or Turkish bath is a type of
steam bath or a place of public bathing associated with
the Islamic world. It is a prominent feature in the
culture of the Muslim world.

Heatstroke is a condition caused by your body
overheating, usually as a result of prolonged exposure
to or physical exertion in very high temperatures.
Experience shows that no one has ever experienced
heat stroke from hydrotherapy even with temperatures
exceeding the highest recommended temperature of
110 degrees F.

Hydrogen peroxide effect: with naturally sparkling
mineral water, there is a “hydrogen peroxide effect” or
an antibacterial effect. It bleaches and breaks down
toxins. It separates and neutralizes toxins so they are
not so toxic. The carbonation will increase the oxygen
level of the blood. When it gets to the intestines it turns
into nitrogen and when it goes into the blood it turns
into oxygen. This natural carbonation also helps to
dissolve kidney stones. Therefore, naturally carbonated
water is a good additive to any beverage, juice or to
drink by itself. Check the label to confirm it is naturally
carbonated water. Ordinary hydrogen peroxide at any
strength should never be ingested.

Hydrotherapy: hydro = water. Therapy = treatment
intended to relieve or heal an ailment or disorder.
Hydrotherapy means to treat or heal using water. This
can be internal or external. Exercises in the water is
another form of hydrotherapy. There are various
applications. External ones include hot water such as
soaking in a hot tub or spa. Another is hot and cold
water such as hot tub and cold dip pool. There are also
saunas, steam baths, showering in cold water and
soaking one's feet in hot water or foot bath. Heat
compresses and ice packs are another example.
Temperatures vary. An internal example is colonics.
Common things treated with external application are
high blood pressure, anxiety, aching joints, sore
muscles, inhibited circulation, inflammation and
lymphatic congestion.

A similar therapy or a version of hydrotherapy is called
contrast bath therapy. This is where one immerses a
limb or the whole body into hot water for a time
followed by the immediate immersion of the limb or
body into cold ice water.

Contrast therapy can help flush lymph fluid efficiently
throughout the body, thus reducing inflammation. The
pumping mechanism it creates in the vascular /
capillary system of the body also helps boost the
amount of nutrient-rich blood circulating around the
body and can help you feel invigorated and alert. The
time spent in the hot and cold water can vary
depending upon the doctor’s or physical therapist’s

recommendations. Athletes often use contrast therapy
for minor sprains, sore muscles and inflammation from
injuries.

Ineffable: too great or extreme to be expressed or
described in words.

Lipids: various organic compounds which are fatty
acids that are insoluble in water. They include fats, oils,
steroids, waxes, hormones, and certain components of
membranes. They function as energy storage molecules
and chemical messengers.

Lipid Oxides: the oxidation and degradation of lipids.
It is the process in which free radicals "steal" electrons
from the lipids in cell membranes, resulting in cell
damage. The chemical products of this oxidation are
known as lipid peroxides or lipid oxidation products
which are known carcinogens.

Lymphatic Congestion: t oxicity accumulated in the
lymphatic system causing the lymph system to be
jammed and to not function properly especially the
nodes and glands. (See the definition of the lymphatic
system below.)

Symptoms of Lymphatic Congestion are muscle and/or
bone soreness, skin problems such as psoriasis and
eczema and chronic fatigue.

Lymphatic system: a web network similar to the
nervous system and cardio vascular system. The
difference is that the lymph system has nodes and
glands. The nodes can be as small as a BB pellet or from
0.25 to 1.5 inches. In other terms, the glands can be the
size of small marble up to the size of a thumb. When
inflamed with toxicity they can expand to a larger size.

How the lymphatic system works: It takes in waste
inside the glands and nodes. A solvent is created by
bacteria to break down the cell and with the lymphatic
fluid the waste is neutralized. The lymphatic fluid
contains high concentrations of alkalizing minerals
such as calcium, magnesium, phosphorous and
potassium. These minerals help to neutralize the
acidity and makes a liquid. This liquid mixture is then
transferred into the connective tissues. These
connective tissues are mostly under the skin. The next
step is for your body to perspire the fluid containing
the toxicity out through the skin. However, if the
lymphatic system is deficient or blocked, its job is
impaired and it is not going to neutralize the toxicity.
Then when it transfers into the connective tissues and
is perspired to the skin, the toxic non-neutralized fluid
damages the skin in the form of rashes, acne and hives.

The lymphatic system when working properly
neutralizes toxins and reduces toxins to smaller
substances that can be eliminated. They are eliminated
via the pores, tear ducts, mucous membranes, vagina,
bowels, ears via ear wax and the urinary tract but
mostly the via the skin.

The lymphatic system is key to health by helping the
body get rid of dead cells and other toxicity this is vital
for health and longevity.

Manganese: a mineral found naturally in the
environment, it is one of the most abundant metals on
the earth’s surface, in air, water, and soil. It can be
found in groundwater and surface water from natural
sources or as a result of mining and industrial
discharges. Manganese is an essential nutrient at low
doses, elevated levels are a health concern.

Milligauss: a unit of measurement of the density of a
magnetic field. According to present-day alternative
scientists 3 milligauss is the limit for health. They have
observed that any EMF above 3 milligauss alters the
molecular structure of animal cells.

Driving a modern vehicle exposes the driver and
passenger in the front seat to approximately 35-100
milligauss of EMF when the engine is on. This has
shown to create hyper-activity or fatigue. Some have
experienced soreness in their legs where the EMF is

highest. Pilots are exposed to EMF from 100-200
milligauss during their flight. Many pilots have
reported that they fly only a limited amount due to the
brain fog and fatigue they experience.

Naturally carbonated: the water source or the well
has carbon dioxide gas that is just above the water
level. The water is extracted by a pipe and another
pipe extracts the carbon dioxide above the water level.
Then it is mixed together into a bottle. If a label reads
“natural carbonation added” or “naturally carbonated”,
or “naturally sparkling”, the carbonation is natural
from the well and has a high level of healthy
electrolytes. It helps oxygen absorption. Brands of
naturally carbonated waters are Gerolsteiner, Perrier,
San Pellegrino, Apollinaris, San Faustino and Raml
osa.

NEC: National Electric Code is a regionally adoptable
standard for the safe installation of electrical wiring
and equipment in the United States.

Nominal: l umber that is cut to standard widths and
depths, but never lengths. An example is a two-by-four.
This is the size before it is milled. After milled or cut
for use it is actually 1 ¾ by 3 ¾.

Onsen: (in Japan) a hot spring, or a resort that has
developed around a hot spring. The temperatures of an
onsen range from 122 degrees F to much higher. They
are intended for short soaks of about 10 to 15 minutes.
An onsen often has baths of varying temperatures so
one can work his/her way to the higher temperatures
and rotate.

Perchlorate: a chemical compound containing the
perchlorate ion. The majority of perchlorates are
commercially produced salts. They are used mainly as
oxidizers for pyrotechnic devices and to control static
electricity in food packaging. According to US studies,
perchlorate has found to cause harmful effects on
human health, one being disrupting the functions of the
thyroid gland and potentially leading to a reduction in
the production of thyroid hormone.

Phosphoric acid: a corrosive acid used as a rust
inhibitor and in etching metal. It is used as an
ingredient in home cleaning products and is commonly
added to soda and other processed foods and
beverages to give them a tangier flavor or makes the
flavors more intense. It also acts as a preservative as it
slows down the growth of bacteria and molds that
would otherwise grow rapidly in a sugar-rich beverage.
Phosphoric acid uses in food and drink are legal in the
US as approved by the FDA and it is allowed in

processed cheeses and other dairy products to adjust
their pH levels. Scientific research suggests the
following health dangers from phosphoric acid: Lowers
bone density, decreases bone mineral levels, kidney di
sease, kidney stones, hypocalcemia (too little calcium in
the blood) impair the body’s utilization of vital
nutrients such as iron, magnesium and zinc, increases
body acidity and damages tissues. Side effects are
chemical burns, diarrhea, stomach cramps, irritated
and burning eyes and skin, irritated nose, throat and
lungs, nausea, wheezing and coughing and vomiting.

Poison: a toxic substance that causes an impairment,
illness, injury or death if taken into the body. A small
amount acts as a stimulant (something that speeds up
the activity of the body). A larger amount can act as a
sedative (causing sleepiness or calmness) and when a
very large amount is taken or is concentrated and
potent enough, it can kill the body. Alcohol is an
example. One or two drinks act as a stimulant, a larger
amount can put you to sleep or act as an anesthetic and
drinking a half gallon of 190 proof vodka in a short
span of time would probably kill you.

Premature Death: when chemical toxins and radiation
poisoning remain in the body, they can kill cells, inhibit
cell growth and cell reproduction. They cause the body
to slowly die. After years of such contamination with

little to no detoxification the organs don’t work well.
Some parts of the body’s functions shut down. The
wrong thing to do is treat symptoms with medication
which is just more chemical toxicity producing more ill
side effects for the long run. In ordinary old age where
a person has difficulty doing normal functions such as
walking, performing ordinary tasks and who exhibit
chronic aches, pains, soreness, limited range of bodily
movement, poor circulation, etc. the actual cells alive in
the body have been vastly reduced. Such symptoms
indicate that the person has approximately 30%
percent of his/her cells alive in the body. People
normally die when they have only 22% of the body’s
cells alive. Research indicates that anyone dying before
the age of 138 is suffering from such conditions.
Detoxification and a healthy diet of no chemicals is vital
for such a life span.

PFAS / PFOAs / PFOSs: Per- and polyfluoroalkyl
substances : a family of man-made chemicals that
contain fluorine, carbon, and other elements. These
chemicals have been used since the 1940s and are
found in a variety of products including firefighting
foams, household products such as non-stick cookware,
food packaging, stains of various types, water
repellants, carpets, liners in canned foods, upholstery,
etc.. Two of the most studied PFAS chemicals are
perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane
sulfonate (PFOS); some of these chemicals were phased

out of production in the USA. Yet, as many as 3,000
other PFAS chemicals still are used in a wide variety of
applications. These chemicals resist degradation
meaning they accumulate in the environment and in
the human body and animals to a high degree over time
and can remain in the body for up to 8 years. However,
according to Dr. Edward Howell and Frances Pottenger,
toxins often are transferred to new cells for up to 5
generations. Thus, they could remain in the human
body for as little as 40 years for people who are on a
diet rich in raw fats and proteins. For a person who
eats a poor diet these chemicals can store in the body
for their lifetime.

Pyrotechnics : the craft and science of creating things
such as fireworks, safety matches, oxygen candles,
explosive bolts, parts of automotive airbags as well as
gas-pressure blasting in mining, quarrying, and
demolition.

Quadrilateral: a four sided figure; having 4 straight
sides.

Radiation-poisoning: sources are

X-Rays

fluorescent lights

cathode ray tubes

certain medications

medical testing such as MRI and CAT Scan

computer monitors

irradiated food

scanners

laser printers

cell phones

Bluetooth™ technology

microwaves

jewelry (uranium glaze & cloisonné)

industrial pollution such as nuclear explosions
and testing of nuclear weapons

nuclear weapon production and
decommissioning, mining of radioactive ores;

EMF’s From improperly grounded electrical
connections and operating machinery.

Also note that building material such as
sandstone, concrete, brick, natural stone, gypsum,
and granite contain naturally-occurring radioactive
elements like radium, uranium, and thorium. These
naturally-occurring elements can break down or decay
into the radioactive gas radon.

Nutrient solutions for detoxifying radiation poisoning:
avocados with oranges and/or melons; coconut cream
with berries such as blueberries, blackberries,
boysenberries or raspberries; raw milk with unheated
honey. A good ratio is about 3 ounces of coconut cream

to 2/3rds a cup of berries or as desired. Raw meat and
the raw fat from raw meat also aid in detoxifying
radiation poisoning. An active circulator system
(cardio vascular exercises) and hot water therapy as
laid out in this book also help in the detoxification of
radiation.

Serotonin: is the key hormone that stabilizes our
mood, feelings of well-being, and happiness. This
hormone impacts the entire body. It enables brain cells
and other nervous system cells to communicate with
each other. Serotonin also helps with sleeping, eating,
and digestion.

Silica: a hard, unreactive, colorless compound which
occurs as the mineral quartz and as a principal
constituent of sandstone and other rocks.

Stave: a vertical wooden post or plank in a building or
other structure.

Stimulant: something that causes a temporary
increase in the functional activity of a body part or
organ of the body such as a drug or electrical
impulse.

Tannin: a yellowish or brownish bitter-tasting organic
substance present in some barks, wood, leaves, roots
and seeds. It is used in leather production and ink
manufacture.

Tonsillitis : reddened and swollen tonsils and throat,
with some or all of these symptoms: difficulty
swallowing, coughing, hoarseness, headache, fever,
earache, nausea, vomiting, sinus congestion, discharge
and swollen lymphatic glands throughout the body.
See “Tonsils” in this glossary.

Tonsils : two oval-shaped pads of lymph tissue at the
back of the throat above and behind the tongue. One on
each side. The tonsils are the extension of the
lymphatic system which cleans the body. They are very
large lymphatic glands that protect the mouth, brain
and thyroid from direct contamination from toxic
substances introduced through the mouth. Tonsils
utilize fatty cells, either white blood cells or lymphatic
cells to harness toxins. They neutralize degenerative
brain cells by eating dead red-blood cells and by doing
so they keep the blood clean and efficient. Tonsils are
supposed to erupt to break down toxins so the body can
discard the toxins and they help fight body infection. It
is preferable to keep your tonsils. When damage to
tonsil tissue occurs, discharge of toxins throughout the
surrounding tissues results, causing throat and mouth

rashes and swelling.

Toxic: involving something poisonous relating to or
containing a poison.

Trans-fatty acids are manufactured fats created
during a process called hydrogenation, which is aimed
at stabilizing polyunsaturated oils to prevent them
from becoming rancid and to keep them solid at room
temperature. They may be particularly dangerous for
heart health and may pose a risk for certain cancers.
Hydrogenated fats are used in stick margarine, fast
foods, commercial baked goods (donuts, cookies,
crackers), and fried foods.

Trapezoid: a quadrilateral (a four sided figure) with 2
parallel sides.

Turbid: (of a liquid) cloudy, opaque, or thick with
suspended matter.

Whey: remember little Miss Muffet eating her curds
and whey? Whey is the watery part of milk that
remains after the formation of curds. Let raw milk sit
out at room temperature for a few days and it
separates into curds and whey. Curds are used for
making cheese and cottage cheese and the whey is
considered a byproduct. However it is a good food and
has several uses. Whey has protein and other nutrients
that are healthful. Whey can be efficiently absorbed
into the body in its raw liquid state. It also is a blood
thinning food. Powdered whey protein powders have
all the enzymes and nutrients destroyed during the
processing of the liquid whey into a powder by heating
and dehydrating.

John P. Reed , severely affected by leukemia and
dying, sought out natural remedies to cure himself
through dietary nutrition and hot and cold therapy.
John researched water filtration systems with
renowned nutritionist Aajonus Vonderplanitz with the
purpose of having the cleanest possible water to use for
hot and cold water therapy. The result was clean,
drinking water quality water to soak in. The harmful
level of toxic contaminants such as chlorine, fluoride
and other toxic substances as found in city water
supplies were filtered out.

With diet, persistence, time and applying the principles
of the newly discovered hot water therapy, John was
fully cured of his "incurable" disease.

Being trained in carpentry and as an electrician, John

designed and built his own wood hot tub system. John
then designed and built hot tubs for others. John's
valuable experiences and the new discovery of healing
using specific hot water temperatures are revealed in
this book.

Recommended reading:

Book: Nutrition and Physical Degeneration by Weston
A. Price DDS

Book: The Cholesterol Myths; Exposing the Fallacy by
Uffe Ravnskov MD, PhD.

Quote by Dr. Richard Schulze HerbDoc.com

Article by Leonard Hill - Note on the Temperature of
Japanese Hot Baths

Book: The Cure for All Cancers by Hulda Regehr Clark

Book: Beneficial Home Baths – Based upon the works of
Aajonus Vonderplantiz.

Article by Aajonus Vonderplantiz - How Toxic is Our
Civilized World?

Book: The Milk Book – by W. C, Douglass, M.D.

Website: RealMilk.com from the Weston A. Price
Foundation

Book: We Want to Live – By Aajonus Vonderplantiz

Book: Pottenger's Cats: A Study in Nutrition – b y Francis
Marion Pottenger Jr.