(1) Aajonus Accident
[2004],[Aajonus]

Okay

Hello everyone.

Welcome to another potluck Q&A.

First, I'm gonna start by talking about my accident.

"Accident", there are no accidents.

Let me start with what would I think caused the accident of course, calling to myself.

Last summer I was working on the third book, the detox book, and I'm saying to myself, I've had no serious accidents since I've been on this diet.

I've only handled people with accidents, I really don't know what to do.

I've had two serious accidents, because I didn't know how I'd handled the doctors.

I didn't know what happened if I went unconscious, all these things and I got everything.

I had got everything I had a question for.

So, what happened was, um, I was in Thailand, which is a very small farm town.

They have no chemical agriculture anywhere within 90 miles that I saw, and they're right on the Thailand, Cambodia and Laos borders right there.

They're all just connected right there, and these two men that just came outta nowhere that are high in politics and everything in this town are trying to get me to build my health center there, and they're all throwing me 300 rai, which is 120 acres and it's on a river lake and it's got everything.

So, they took me out after they showed me the property and we went to a karaoke bar.

Everybody drank, except me and they got snobbered, but we were close to the hotel, so I wasn't worried, and the guy was just driving slowly.

I mean, we we're going like 25 miles an hour, it's like a 35 mile an hour zone, and everybody's talking, having fun.

There's a driver and empty passenger seat and there's a monk, the monk was drunk too.

And another passenger, and then my real estate broker, which I called my girlfriend.

She's a friend who's a girl and she was sitting to the left of me.

We're we're in an RV and I'm in the third seat with her.

I've got the seatbelt harness across this way, and all of a sudden everybody's talking and I'm looking at the scenery, like 1:15 in the morning.

And I was looking around and I see this car coming with no lights about 50 miles an hour, hit us.

And as soon as we came to the impact, I lost consciousness because the harness didn't keep me in because it was on this shoulder and we got hit on this side.

So, I flew this way, and my head hit the window, paste her because she was leaning forward otherwise, I would've smashed her and I wouldn't have been hurt as badly, but she would've been killed.

But I went over here and my head went through the window and caused a concussion.

I've got a indent in my my skull there, broke the skull, and in fact, a piece of glass came out yesterday evening.

Woke up this morning, oh what's this, piece of glass, but it had been completely buried.

And my shoulder hit the side molding and broke the clavicle and the shoulder blade, and the collarbone.

And the clavicle, when it broke, went through my neck muscles, through here and then bounced back.

And then I was, I was out, I felt all that without pain.

And then when I woke up, the RV was upside down, and that was an RV that hit us, we flipped over a couple of times.

And when I woke about 40 minutes later, they're prying the doors open, and I'm barely coming to.

I'm hearing all this going on and they're smashing the other window to pull me out because I'm in the back, and the girlfriend was on top of me and her feet, I guess, broke my ribs.

I had two broken ribs here when we flipped over a few times, so she's in pretty bad shape.

She got serious brain damage; she lost her vision.

[Kathy]   She can get it back, can't she.

[Aajonus]   Don't know?

She's not on the diet.

[Attendee]   Does she still have her personality.

Is she still who she is?

[Aajonus]   Yeah, she's still there?

She's not bubbly, and happy.

But you know, she did something that I thought was rather ridiculous.

After the accident we went to the hospital and, they were starting to break everything in the car to get me out because I'm way in the back.

And they were able to pull her out to the door that they could they opened about this much.

So, they were starting to break all these other windows and I'm getting glass across the eyes and face.

So, I screamed at 'em to stop, and then I worked my way, even with this shoulder in excruciating pain, out through the door.

And then I tried to stand up.

I mean, all this time, my vision is not, I'm seeing, I'm not seeing, I'm seeing other things that aren't there, and my vision was just crazy for a while.

And when I went to stand up out of the vehicle, it was an immediate collapse.

They grabbed me, put me on the stretcher, strapped me in and took me to the hospital.

So, in the hospital, I said, I've gotta come to, I gotta really stay in tune, keep them from doing anything to me.

So, so they put me in a wheelchair after I got off the gurney to have x-rays done.

I told the guy, "You have two shots to take".

So, he took two shots and it showed the broken bones, but nothing was dislocated.

So, they want to put a cast on.

I said, don't need a cast because the body, when you don't have a cast, the body will build its own cast.

It builds, like you can see a tumor here, it's as hard as a rock and it's sealed right where the break was.

And as it gets well, that bone growth goes back into the center of the bone and seals it harder.

So, that's how the body does it naturally if you don't use a cast You have to be more careful so you don't dislocate.

So, I had to sleep on my right side for a few days and I took a very thin slices of steak and, wrapped up here on my neck and around here, so I slept for two days with steaks.

Let me tell you, I was in excruciating pain and I put a steak on, within 10 minutes the pain would go away.

I'd take the steak off or I'd fall asleep and it would fall off.

I'd wake up in excruciating pain, put the steak back on, 10 - 20 minutes later the pains gone.

[Attendee]   How does that work.

[Aajonus]   Just does?

[Attendee]   How did you discover that.

[Aajonus]   It's from the boxers?

Boxers used to put steak on their injuries.

[Kathy]   And your skull is better now.

[Aajonus]   I had a huge bruise here and the ear was broken?

All the cartilage was crushed and it's still just a little sore right here, and then I've got a huge indent right here, It's probably 2.

5'' by 3/4''.

[Attendee #2]   What did you say your girlfriend did that was stupid.

[Aajonus]   Oh, the next morning, we probably got to the hotel about 2:30 and we were sharing the same room, she had one bed and I had another bed, and I heard her 6:00 AM in the morning?

She's going to get on the plane because she lives in Chiang Mai, which is 700 miles from where we were.

She had flown to Bangkok and then to where we were, and I had flown from Cambodia to Bangkok to where we were to look at that property, and she did not want to be stuck in a foreign town for her, so she got on a plane.

You do not get on a plane when you have a concussion because the brain expands, causes pressure.

So, that probably caused more brain damage.

She flew to Bangkok and Bangkok to Chiang Mai.

[Kathy]   She couldn't stay back for a while.

[Aajonus]   She should have.

[Attendee]   Did you tell her.

[Aajonus]   Of course I told her, so did the doctor?

[Kathy]   That's not smart.

[Aajonus]   And then she wanted to see me before I left, so she flies back from Chiang Mai to see me and then has to fly back to Chiang Mai again.

So, she just kept getting worse every time she got on plane, not a smart thing to do.

Some people don't listen.

[Kathy]   Going on the diet would change her back to feeling better.

[Aajonus]   Probably?

[Attendee #2],[Aajonus]   Was it difficult telling the doctors I only want this x-ray without want him to treat-

Oh, they did.

[Attendee #2]   And they don't say, "Oh his head is not thinking right", and trying.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Well, I wouldn't let him touch my head, I didn't want them to know that I had a concussion.

So, I had to be clear by the time we got into the hospital room.

So, we were in the emergency room.

I was forced myself to think clearly, to stay focused, and I would only allow myself to drift in and out and get vision problems when I wasn't talking with the doctor.

And first what they do is they went to everybody, "Where do you hurt.

"?

So, they look at everything that hurts and then they'll search other places if you let them.

I said, I'm not hurt anywhere.

Here, here, here, but this is just bruises.

It's a little knot there, and how it's got broken.

Like I said, I don't know, I was unconscious when that happened?

[Kathy]   Did you say how long it's gonna take for the pain to go away.

[Aajonus]   Mainly the pain is if I lift this arm, I used to not be able to not lift it at all?

I couldn't move it for the first week, and I had to sleep on my right side for the first two days, I couldn't sleep on my back or stomach.

After a day and a half, I was strong enough to get the Bangkok where my partners and other people I knew were, who knew my diet and knew how to get food and feed me.

Those people, I told them what I needed, they got me the very freshest meat.

It was bushed within hours, like two hours, an hour and a half, sliced it very thinly for me.

One of the Thai Wives did that and, they mixed my honey and butter because I had honey and butter with me and they brought me some unripe bananas.

So, that's all I ate was the butter, honey and bananas and the butter and honey with the meat.

I was well enough 36 hours to get on a plane and get back to Bangkok, and then I spent three days in the bed mainly there.

I walked a few blocks a day to go to a massage place and they do Thai massage for like $8 for two hours.

But I have them do "bao bao", which means very softly generally.

Otherwise, they get pretty tough, pretty strong.

They start digging in.

Then I met a new girlfriend, it was pretty hot and heavy, so the last two days we were heavily into sex, I knew I wasn't doing too badly.

So, I got on a plane, I got stuck, the plane broke down in Japan.

So, I got stuck in Japan for 14 hours at the airport, but they have a lounge there, their executive lounge with these benches.

You're pretty soft and comfortable, that's what I was using, but since the accident, they wheelchaired me into the airports, onto the plane, and then from the plane, they pick up my luggage and the whole thing.

So that's how I returned, so I didn't have to lift anything cause there's no way I could lift even with this arm.

.

(2) Aajonus Went To Hospital To Undislocate Joint & Cant Do Anything About Brain Dmg
Because there's no way I'm listening

Even though it's on allegedly pulled muscles, there are questions about your concern about your concussion and was like you.

Were willing to.

Expose their other wounds and hurts to the doctors rules about the concussion that bothered.

That you want to protect it from them and also it's like doctors.

Seems like one of their skills that's useful is they can do things like you know, patch together nerves and certain triage, handling and stuff like that in the.

Please leave.

Brain they can't do.

A good job, but I mean.

How was your thought about your.

Well, the only reason I was doing here was if something is dislocated?

I needed to get the bones put back.

In place, right.

There was nothing dislocated?

They were broken four legs but nothing dislocated.

Thinking about your head daily.

There's nothing to dislocate.

There's only a bruise in the brain you've got.

You may have a blood clot and there's really nothing they can do about it, and anyway.

On this diet.

You can get a.

Blood clot and break that.

Yeah, but you were confident that the dent wasn't significant, so that's what got.

I mean, it wouldn't.

Even the war.

I knew that.

They would not be.

Able to help.

That I just had to let my body clear.

And if you had told them that you had.

Hurt your head.

They would have actually.

Yeah, no, that's what they did to the other field.

All all the other ones got concussions except for the monk.

He didn't get stuck.

Second thing was he was leaning against the door that.

He was here.

Yeah, in his head, everything was already solidly against so.

He didn't slam.

I had to.

I went from the passenger side this right side of the car.

Only the left side.

Of the car when I called him.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, Yep.

So you know I had a huge impact.

He was right there all pushing up.

Against the door.

You have great flexibility.

Look great.

I would agree.

All the way down here the bruises, bruises, our debt cells, mainly red blood cells that have been damaged, and they're coming out to skin.

The body throws it.

Out to the.

Skin doesn't can't take it all through.

The blood is in your blood would be quite thick and calculated.

Rank so sums it out.

What do we.

Do if something like?

This happens to us.

Well, that's why I'm putting it in the book, so that's why when I was writing the book, I.

Had these questions.

Were all answered.

Yeah, so I can take people step by.

Step you know through it.

You better phrase the question a little bit.

So I you know I.

Said I, I deliberately said.

That I knew it, but you know.

I had no personal experience with severe accidents on this.

Second hammer in the jaw.

What you won't do for science.

Let's just say we want to do in the situation?

Where you know.

You're limited with food?

You're in a foreign place.

I mean everything.

I didn't know anybody there.

Do you know any of these people.

You say you cannot have?

A blood clot on this slide.

It's if you're following the diet rigidly, there's no.

Way to get a blood clot.

Because everything is.

Pretty resilient and elastic, so it would stand without.

Cracking and breaking.

So when you really break something, you have a blood clot.

It means that you've ruptured something and it's broken.

And and there's no elasticity.

It won't go back in place, so it creates.

A A collapsed.

Vein or artery, and the blood will back up around that area and create a clock and will keep growing until the body.

Cuts the passage of blood off into that particular vein or artery.

So it can be the entire six months and have those into confident that your body works that.

Way I wouldn't say six months.

Maybe a year here.

Yeah, it's doubtful, but I can't say for sure.

And that I could never find that because.

I've been on fire.

But I got other people who had severe accidents.

One following been on the diet, probably.

About nine months.

And he had a severe bicycle accident.

Where he opened his head like I did on his, he took the skin off of the air and everything slipped.

We hit rock and his whole collarbone was broken.

He like mine, but the whole skin was taken off so he had a whole gap and shoulder here.

The skin gone so you know.

He repaired.

In about 6 weeks.

And what I did was I had one pretty open cut on on my shin and on my chest.

So I took a piece of.

Meat and put it over it like a bandage sealed up the next day I opened it and still with all.

We're talking skinless at the state, just looks like all the cells around were able to take all nutrients from the meat and rebuild that tissue that quickly overnight, talking overnight in about 12 hours.

Yeah wow.

Right.

You know?

I just I notice since I've been on this side?

You know it's been about four years.

Would you.

Not very much?

What I found is.

Band-aids stick to my skin.

I can't use Band-aids anymore.

Have you noticed that.

I mean, it's like it's like something that's alive?

Yeah, that's right.

It's something that's alive in within my skin.

Is like trying.

To learn from the chemicals in the.

Mandate or whatever and it's so stuck.

Right.

Like barely?

Your body will absorb those he sits in their polymers.

And then he.

All polymer.

Let's use.

And she might also.

Somebody had a huge what do they call those.

Tabs are, you know, seeing skin tabs?

Test net.

Yeah, we have the wards, huge works tag tag.

I took a scissor cutting off and put the meat over 5 hours later and sealed.

Schedule at 5.

So you know, kind of.

Your finger just put meat on it.

Yeah, we're walking.

Around so there's.

A meeting part.

And it has.

To be rich.

I tried chicken.

Cop their liquor then.

At this level.

But you have to understand that island enzyme and the leaking.

We keep taking vitamin K, vitamin new outs and I'm not gonna not gonna get any bleeding.

Put the lean on here.

We're going to monitor just putting the mean on.

It stops bleeding.

Knockaround me just put brown.

I took her out.

On the one here.

I just smashed.

And put it on.

That's cool.

And it it.

Here it infuse.

Like you know, part of my.

System that you.

Know, but I got in the bath and this came off and all the skin was already closed.

Did you try.

Right no?

This doesn't dry quickly?

So mixes blood.

And somebody said your input, you're on a cut.

Here's how I was.

I I gave a seminar a lecture in Georgia 1981.

I believe it says, and there is a retired police officer that 80 years old.

That's about two people were asking you got your in there even.

Freaking weird error.

To recycle your protein, a lot of people don't eat up those things and just the protein first time through to be drinking urine noted provide that a lot of Indians do that you can't get meet.

You know, maybe once a month or something like that they drink their urine frequently and in India.

But he was telling me that before 1928 on the on it was part of the Miami police force that if somebody, if you went to an accident where somebody had a severe cut jugular vein or anything they wanted the officer urinating.

The top one would pull on it, pull on the room.

And while they held.

In 1928, the medical profession had alcohol.

And said we watched thousands of people die in the next 20 years.

'cause we.

Couldn't do that?

They just putting pressure on it doesn't work, he said, but for some reason we.

Pulled that yarn on and.

That's just for a severe.

That was with himself.

I've been doing this for last one year.

I've been doing this.

I drink.

At the top.

Some people do that.

I was in jail last week and.

Is it.

Hold for 8 hours?

And they have.

Right.

I was tricked by cops?

I was walking the street.

Somebody and woman asked me to.

And then.

To leave and then they jump at the end.

I saw anything big baby go I want second I won't be I.

Want everything all.

In my car.

Second, everybody else was there also.

Yeah, they're all kids.

They're all being trained up.

Yeah, that's the other subject.

What about.

?

(3) Alkaline & Acidic Fruit
[Attendee]

in the recipe book, you talk about combining fruits with chicken and fish

And you say there's alkaline fruit.

Say there's acid?

And what are some other alkaline, other acidic cause I I try to combine them?

But then I wasn't sure if that was acidic or alkaline?

[Aajonus]

Peaches, melons, pears, they're all alkaline?

Acid are your citrus fruits.

Sub acid are your apples.

[Attendee #2]

Apples can you combine with chicken or not.

[Aajonus]

Yes ?

(4) Bath Ingredients
[Aajonus]

It barely gets it out, so if you take baths it's better if you put a couple of cups of milk in it with a couple of tablespoons of vinegar and couple of tablespoons of sea sal

That neutralizes the poisons.

[Brainless Attendee]

What about soaps and shampoos.

[Aajonus]

Those are all poison?

And they all get into the body.

[Attendee #2],[Aajonus]

As you let water out to get hotter water in the tub we need to add more milk and-

No, for some reason no, and I did it for three years of testing.

For some reason that's all it took.

If you don't wanna use milk and you only have coconut cream, then you use 2 ounces of coconut cream in the water.

That's even better for the skin.

Specially if you had candida or any kind of a fungus, you put 2 ounces of coconut cream in your bath and it just like coats everything you'll get rid of athletes foot, candida.

2 ounces, 4 tablespoons of coconut cream .

(5) Bone Marrow Needs To Be Organic
[Attendee]

OK, what about eating bone marrow

Would that help?

[Aajonus]

Yeah, but you have to get it from an organic animal?

And that's difficult to get.

.

(6) Buckwheat Pillows Leak Powder
[Attendee]

What about buckwheat pillows

[Aajonus]

Sometimes that causes a little powdering after a little while and it causes allergies, some sneezing?

If you're using the pillow for maybe a year before the fibers start opening up from use.

They're fine, but for long term use it's not a good thing because it powders.

.

(7) Cellulite - Vegetable Oils & Hot Bath
[Aajonus]

Cellulite Cellulite  is usually- is always hardened fat that is full of toxic matter and it just keeps getting layers and layers of it thicker and it just turns into these balls, hardened balls

Sometimes they'll never even show until you go on this diet and the body starts puttig in solvents in their to dissolve it and all of a sudden you;ve got cellulite.

It's been there, you just haven't seen it.

And when the body start dissolving it, it's getting rid of it.

And it takes sweling to do that, because the solvents come around it, surround it and dissolve it.

Hot baths help remove it, if you take an hour and a 1/2 bath.

You know 'cause a lot of times, vegetable oils are involved, that fat and vegetable oils once theyve been in the body awhile they'll never turn fluid again at body temperature.

The body has to be 102 to 105 degrees to get it to melt.

So if you take a long bath and take some kind of a formula like you kno, if anybody wants to write this down.

Depends on the size of person, 1/8th - 1/4 - 1/3 of an ich circular size of green pineapple.

and mix it with two to three ounces of coconut cream.

And 3 tablespoons of butter and 1-3 tablespoons of cows cream And a little bit off honey if you'd like.

And you drink that before or right when you get in the bath.

And when you get out of the bath you take a 45 minute to an hour walk.

What the hot water will do, so you have to keep warming the tub every 20-30 minutes depending on what type of tub you have.

To keep the temperature between 102 and 105 degrees.

So they will soften all that cellulite so it will get soft, then that formula will start working into the lymph system and keep it from going too hard again once your body cools.

So when you do the walk in the exercise, you should also be bundled to be very hot.

So I wear wool underwear/silk underwear plus your clothes over that and you go out and do your walk.

You will perspire a lot of your poisons out, sweat it out.

So if you did that, lets say two days a week ,you would probably speed up the cellulite loss probably four years instead of 10 years.

But on this diet once you get rid of cellulite you never get it again.

[Attendee]

What about drinking water during this time cause your sweating.

[Aajonus]

Well, it's better to drink tomatoes and things that make solvents and won't disolve you?

Take a bunch of like a quart of tomatoes and blend that with 2 ounces of cream and that's a better way to give you fluids to handle that.

Otherwise, if you had to drink water, if you did that, they took the bath and everything it would probably take you about two and a half quarts of water to regulate your fluid level.

.

(8) Century Eggs
[Aajonus],[Attendee],[Aajonus]

I mean, when I was in Cambodia, they're selling them on the streetl, these black eggs that they pull up out of the ground-

China too!

Yeah, they're 25 years old, so it's $1000 an egg

Full black or white mold.

This bacteria and these rich people can afford these, these rich oxygenarians.

And they'll eat an egg and they will be able to have sex every day for- and ejaculate two or three times a day for a month.

[Audience]

Really.

Oh wow! ?

(9) Chiropractors Are Good
(10) Dont Use Casts
[Attendee]

How does a cast keep the self cast from happening

[Aajonus]

Well, if you have movement there, the body will build it on its own.

If you don't, if you've got a cast on, there's no movement, so it doesn't develop.

[Kathy]

So the best thing is don't have a cast on when you break a bone.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, just be careful while this is still this is built that you don't dislocate that bone.

Yeah, why is to care.

The only place I took a big chance with that girlfriend I met when we go to the market?

So while rolling up to go to the market.

I'm like, well I'm well enough to go to the market.

Bangkok, you've got thousands of people elbowing- elbowing, so she had to go as a guard for the shoulders.

People bump left and right, people dump everywhere.

[Kathy]

We should never go to a market in the situation.

when your health is bad.

Especially there?

[Aajonus]

Right but she was my shield.

[Attendee]

What about a splint like they used to use, for broken arms.

Is that okay do you think?

Well, it will still keep the movement in your body from developing it's own?

It'll still cause less pain.

Either use a splint or not, or a cast or not.

It doesn't matter it's up to you.

As long as the cast is plaster of paris you won't have a problem, but they are starting to make y'know.

.

.

.

(11) Dont Use Own Fecal Matter
[Attendee]

Now, so you were talking about getting ecoli into the high meat situation by taking fecal matter, and you mentioned buffalo fecal matter and sort of just smeering it on a little bit and OK

So suppose I want to do that, so I take my own fecal matter, right.

Are there are there any considerations?

[Aajonus]

You don't want to use your own fecal matter?

You have to use an organic animal, so it's completely pure.

[Attendee]

Why Would you not.

[Aajonus]

'cause you've got high containment?

If yo uhad been raised a raw fooder all of your life, it wouldn't be an issue.

[Attendee]

So, it's a good thing I came here to ask you.

.

(12) Drinking Urine & Too Acidic On This Diet
[Aajonus]

Yeah, well I don't -I used to drink, when I was a vegetarian-

I used to drink my urine because I had a problem digesting proper proteins

So, I did drink my urine everyday.

But, when I started this diet, I had to stop because I got too acidic, and irritable.

And I would get fatigued from drinking it.

[Attendee]

What about the homeopathic thing.

[Aajonus]

A tincture from it?

Well, every time they make a tincture, they use alcohol or some other ingredient to alter the chemistry?

It becomes a chemical.

[Attendee]

OK.

[Attendee #2]

Well, she was mentioning a homoeopathic preparation.

[Aajonus]

All homoeopathic's are just low dose drugs.

They have to use drugs; they always use some chemical.

Always a chemical, alcohol or something else.

[Attendee]

So, Aajonus you were saying on this diet, you found that it wasn't beneficial to drink your urine.

[Aajonus]

Correct.

[Attendee]

That's because you get so much protein that the body is constantly detoxing the old stuff out of the tissues.

[Aajonus]

It could be and there's just too many toxins in the urine.

And some people still do it and they are okay, but most people I have found in experimentation it wasn't good.

And animals, you know- animals will drink their urine and eat their feces only if they don't get the proper foods.

Once they get the proper foods, they stop eating it.

.

(13) Eat Unripe Fruit
[Aajonus]

You always have to have fat with it

And if you get the green stuff right, then you're getting less sugar and more enzymes.

So, it's much better, it's like the Thai's and the Cambodians and the Laus and the Bermeses and the Malaysians.

They all eat very tart green mangoes and it's funny because it keeps them from having the lymphatic congestion which usually goes along with their kind of a high carbohydrate diet.

[Attendee]

I like my bananas really green almost.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, that's the way to have them, bananas are a sub acid, like apple.

[Attendee #2]

Mangoes are they acid or alkaline.

[Aajonus]

They're alkaline, unless they're tart, then they're sub acid?

[Attendee]

Is banana a sweet fruit.

[Attendee #2]

When it's green, they're not sweet at all?

[Attendee]

But when they're ripe, they're really sweet.

[Aajonus]

Really sweet, high alkaline.

[Attendee #2],[Aajonus]

So, essentially fruit that's not really sweet-

Is much better for you.

[Attendee #2]

And if you do combine like a mango with chicken, is it bad.

Or is it just that it doesn't seem like what beef does, does it just convert it to fuel?

[Aajonus]

Well, it's just in my experiments, I can't tell you why or how?

I just found that even if you mix a fruit that is semi ripe, not overly ripe.

If it's overly ripe, it's going to make fuel of your protein.

If it's semi-ripe or unripe and you mix it with white meats, it will still help generate tissue and heal quicker.

But with red meats it doesn't.

The only thing you can get away with the red meats is the pineapple and the papaya.

[Attendee #3]

So, the red meat should be eaten by itself.

[Aajonus]

No, you can have it with tomatoes and other things, I've gotten recipe book?

You know, what you can combine with red and white meats.

You know and there are 82 sauces in there to make it enjoyable.

The 82 sauces can be made 3-5 different ways each, so it's about 400 sauces.

So, find many sauces that are easy, but I mean you know somebody could eat a third of a pound of meat a day, but with the sauces they eat three pounds a day.

.

(14) Ecoli & Lactobacillus
[Aajonus]

So, I'm not going to give you pieces of information that will make it deadly for you

[Attendee]

Acidophilous.

[Aajonus]

Acidophilous is really a waste?

Acidophilous normally is in milk.

If you want natural acidophilous, it breaks down the sugars only.

Bulgaris breaks down the fats and caucasus breaks down the protein, so you need all those bacteria.

People say, oh, I take enemas and colonics, I'll drink lots of acidophilous.

Hello.

Acidophilous doesn't exist in the bowel?

E coli exists in the bowel, acidophilous exists in the small intestines in the stomach to digest milk fats and other sugars.

Bowel is a place to digest your proteins then.

[Attendee]

Now the E.

coli survived the trip through the stomach acids and everything.

[Aajonus]

E.

coli is generated in the bowel.

[Attendee]

Well, no.

What I'm saying is, is that with the high meat, that's the reason that you're taking the high meat is for the E.

coli.

[Aajonus]

No, that's for other bacteria, the E.

coli- you are not gonna have E.

coli in high meat, unless you take some fecal matter and spread it on it.

I will do that if I want E.

coli on my meat and I want to breed E.

coli, I take some fecal matter from a cow, and I'll rub it on the meat and then I'll have E.

coli.

Otherwise, E.

coli doesn't exist on meat, unless fecal matter touches it.

[Attendee]

But they'll survive the trip through the stomach.

[Aajonus]

Hydrochloric acid will destroy it here, but not in the bowel?

See, you have most of your hydrochloric acid in the stomach and the intestinal tract.

You're going for other bacteria.

[Attendee]

But the other bacteria are going to survive.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, they're part of your small digestive tract?

[Attendee]

But if you want to increase your E.

coli.

.

.

I think it in a recent email you sent out, you talked about eating fecal matter.

[Aajonus]

Yes, but you have to eat fecal matter.

[Attendee]

But that's going to survive.

Why would that survive?

[Aajonus]

Because it gets so deep in the vegetable matter of the animal that's eaten it?

Your hydrochloric acid won't penetrate it.

It takes a certain kind of enzyme that only exists in herbivores.

[Attendee]

Somebody needs to come out with a time release shit capsule.

[Aajonus]

laughs

.

(15) Ecoli Disolves Tumors
[Aajonus]

The situation with the Children hospital Toronto had been using E

coli for over 30 years now to completely dissolve human brain tumors in two - seven days.

Including the vessels going through the veins.

And Yale's been using salmonella to dissolve other tumors.

Salmonella, so with the medical profession and the pharmaceutical house wants you to get rid of all bacteria in your body, so you have to go to them.

One injection of that attenuated salmonella- bion products for the leture costs you $8000 dollars and you can just let an egg rot.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

laughs

Just let chicken rot and eat it.

Then they attenuated the salmonella, so now it cuts off the oxygen to the tumor, but no longer eats the tumor.

So, now what they do is charge you $12,000 for an injection of solvent to dissolve the tumor.

$20,000 of treatment, when you can just eat high meat, high eggs and get rid of your cancer easily, at pennies.

[Kathy]

Anybody that's interested in getting the large intestine with the contents, I also get that from the buffalo.

[Attendee]

Aajonus, what does attenuated mean.

[Aajonus]

Altered, genetically altered?

So, there's lots of people who have severe mass depression.

It's usually because they don't digest proteins properly, so eating fecal matter gets rid of it the easiest, so does high meat, but fecal matter will get rid of it longer, creates a high.

[Attendee #2]

Do the metals affect the fecal matter.

If I eat buffalo shit?

.

.

[Aajonus]

Still, place where you need the breaking down heavy metals, it's not gonna get there.

Hot baths are the only way you're gonna get rid of yours, and cilantro.

.

(16) Eggs For Mucus
(17) Electricity & EMFs
[Attendee]

Can I ask the next question

[Aajonus]

Go ahead?

[Attendee]

About the electricity, the things that emit electricity.

I'm not clear- even though I know you've written about it.

What that electrical charge or there is-

What is it and what does it do to the body.

[Aajonus]

Any electrical field emits radiation.

[Attendee]

What's it called.

[Aajonus]

It's called tri-meter?

The Tri Meter can can gauge electromagnetic fields, radio waves and and other types like radiation from our microwaves.

[Jim]

I know a guy on the raw foods diet who actually does that professionally.

He'll go to your house.

[Aajonus]

So, if you can take that meter and you can put it on the computer or whatever and we can find out how far that field goes, it's damaging to the body 'cause it alters the molecular structure of cells.

The city Los Angeles, you know the Power Department, 10 years ago put out a warning with your electric bill saying it's been proved that electromagnetic fields alter the molecular structure of cells of animal cells, including human.

If you're using an electric blanket, do not sleep with it on, you turn it on to heat your bed, you turn it off before you get in.

And let me tell you they would not have issued that it wasn't scientifically proved that it kills and damages, harmfully human cells.

And it's been proved anything over 3 gals is harmful.

That's the measure for electromagnetic field.

.

(18) Fermented Dairy Vs High Meat
[Attendee]   What about sauerkraut or acidophilus or even cheese, do they do the same thing as high meat

[Aajonus]   No, well they do, but in a different way?

The mold and cheese will help breakdown exterial and interstitial properties.

That won't help with glands, it won't help with any of that.

But it will help- and let's say you've got connective tissue with your skin, itwill help those areas, that bacteria, but it can affect you like candida, it can cause athletes foot, something like that, but those are good things.

Athletes foots a good thing, but the pharmaceutical industry doesn't want you to believe that.

'cause they want you have the chemical; they want you to eat the bad foods which cause it, that the farmers eat that bad food and they want you to keep buying their chemicals.

So they want you to have the fungi and they never create a drug that will completely get rid of your problem.

Only one will take care of it for a few hours, or a day, so you have to keep taking the product.

If you don't want athletes' foot or other kinds of diseases, you have to stop eating the foods which generates that kind of bacterial need.

.

(19) Hair Gel = Egg White & Coconut Cream
[Attendee]

Would an egg white work in the gel

[Aajonus]

Uhh, yeah egg white works in the gel?

[Attendee]

Use egg white as a gel.

.

.

[Aajonus]

Well, coconut cream is better to use as a gel, coconut cream is great.

If you want it stiffer, jsut put a tiny bit of honey, put a drop of honey per two tablespoons of coconut cream, it will get firmer.

[Attendee]

When the bath water is warm, the milk curdles.

Do you find that it does.

[Aajonus]

Maybe you're putting the milk in when the water is too hot?

If I can't leave my hand in that water for five seconds my milk does not go in that water?

.

(20) High Eggs
[Attendee]   Well, here's another aspect, umm the high eggs, how do you make the high eggs

[Aajonus]   Well, if you want to make them fast, you take the egg and tap it until you know it cracked?

Hairline crack so you can't see it and then you just let it sit in the sunshine or in a carton with the sunshine beating on the carton and usually takes about six weeks and you have some pretty rotten eggs, stinky eggs.

[Kathy]   Once the sun was so hot, I cooked the egg.

[Attendees],[Aajonus]   laughs loudly

You didn't have it inside a closed container.

You had it exposed right to the sun.

The sun hit the egg directly.

[Attendee]   Hairline crack, 6 weeks, sun.

Just leave it out no matter the weather.

[Aajonus]   Well, if it's cold you don't wanna leave it out?

You gotta be in a semi warm place, it can't be too cold, or it will retard the bacterial growth.

That's why I don't refrigerate eggs.

And the high eggs taste just like hardboiled eggs with a whole bottle of salt poured on them.

(Aajonus cap.

)  ?

(21) High Eggs Remove Drug Damaged Tissue
[Aajonus]

There's a lot more mature protein in the meat than in the egg

[Attendee]

So, the meat is actually preferable.

[Aajonus]

If you got tissue that was damaged in your body from drug contamination, eggs are better?

.

(22) High Meat & Bacteria Cant Help Metal Poisoning
[Attendee]   I wanted to ask about the high meat, yesterday you told me I have a condition that the high meat won't work as well, but then you said keep eating the high meat

So, I wanted to know more about that.

[Aajonus]   Okay.

High meat for those that don't know is you take the meat and let it get full of bacteria until it stinky.

How many people saw me on Ripley's Believe It or Not.

[Attendee]   I missed it?

[Aajonus]   Nobody saw it.

[Jim],[Aajonus]   We wanted to record it-

They showed it again, I just got an email they showed it three times in the last three months?

[Attendee #2]   Why didn't you forward it to us.

[Aajonus]   Because I was in Thailand?

They don't notify me, but they aired about 6 times since they made it a year and a half ago.

Year and a half in July.

They showed it on July 17th, the first time 2003 I think.

[Attendee #2]   What TV station.

[Aajonus]   2002, 2002 I guess it was?

July 17th, 2002, that's the one I was originally on.

So, if you ask him for a copy of that tape, he might be able to send it to you, but I took some meat and glands that were up to a year and three months old.

They were black and green with mold and bacteria, and I ate about 2 cups that day.

[Attendee],[Attendee #2]   laughs

What station did they air it on.

[Aajonus]   Ripley's Believe it or not?

[Attendee #2]   You don't know what station.

[Aajonus]   Anyway, high meat is meat with high bacteria in it?

What it does is it goes up and eats decay in the body, we're overly cleanly in our society.

Anti-bacterial everything.

Vapors in the air, pollution.

Everything destroys bacteria in the body, so the body doesn't have those natural vultures and crows who go and eat up the toxic matter.

So, your body has to go and make solvents, which are viruses to go in and wash out the decay.

So, it can help nurture these bacteria in the body to eat high meat.

High meats will encourage the bacteria to help you clean easier with less decay.

Because when bacteria or parasites eat decaying tissue, diseased or damaged tissue.

It will reduce, it's like we eat 7 pounds of food a day and have less than a pound of fecal matter.

And bacteria and parasites are the same way.

Only they can take 100 times the matter, reduce it to one 1% of what they've eaten.

So, you've got very little waste matter if they're doing it.

Your body has to use a virus, which is a soap, a solvent, to clean it out.

Then you've got all this waste product that's accumulated 'cause there's nothing to reduce it.

Viruses are not alive.

The idea that they're contagious is absolutely the most ridiculous thing ever postulated.

That's like saying tide soap is is contagious because it's in so many homes.

No, virus are produced, their proteins, combinations of proteins that will dissolve matter.

But it takes lots of fluid in conjunction with that to spread out and dilute the poisons and to dissolve it.

So, you've got a lot more mass support, and that's why viral infections are usually a lot worse than bacterial infections because when you've got bacterial or a parasite, it reduces the waste in the contamination to a small amount of toxicity.

But when you're using virus, it spreads all these contaminations and dilutes and permeates every part of your body.

Yet 90% of all doctors give antibiotics for a virus.

And the idea that you can vaccinate for a virus is the most absurd thing in the world.

It's got to be alive man, and there's no life to a virus.

So, it's an absurdity.

So the high meat thing, I said that her condition, where she needs the bacteria, it's not going to grow in that area where she needs it most.

Because she's got metal poisoning, bacteria goes in there and eats a little bit of that decay and then the metal poisoning go and destroy that bacteria, so it can't thrive.

That's why so many people are getting so diseased, because there's so much pollution in their body, their bodies cannot utilize bacteria and parasites easily in their system, so they have to use virus, soaps, a solvent to dissolve all this matter.

So, people are getting sicker and sicker, and weaker and weaker all the time.

But if we just let bacteria, do it, keep ourselves clean and let bacteria do it, we heal like I do, quickly.

The doctor said that I wouldn't be able to move and work for six weeks.

I was working within two weeks, I was working within a week actually, but not many.

You know, hour or two hours at the time.

Yesterday, I did full consults and even this morning I did a full consult before I came here.

And it's only been 18 days since the accident.

So, if you take care of yourself, you will be much healthier.

[Attendee #2]   So, first you need to pull the metals out before the high meat can do it's work.

[Aajonus]   Correct, but there are areas in the body that don't have the metal poisoning and it will help with another area?

But the areas where you are the weakest is where you got all the metal poisoning and bacteria can't help you there.

But bacteria can help you in other areas, so I was talking about that particular problem and high meat would not help that particular problem.

.

(23) High Meat Body Can Only Handle So Much Waste Product
(24) How Aajonus Heats His Bath
[Aajonus]

When I start the bath I will put scolding hot water halfway, and that heats up the entire tub and then 10 minutes later I'll go in and put cool water in til it brings it up to the level where I want

Then I'll put all my ingredients in and let it set for 5-7 minutes and then I'll get in.

Then the whole tub is already heated, so I won't cool quick, it might take a half hour to chill.

[Attendee],[unclear]

104 degrees.

[Aajonus],[Attendee]

102-105 degrees

That's too hot though?

For the ingredients?

[Aajonus]

No, 104-105 degrees the ingredients can take?

Honey's the only thing that's affected at 98.

[Attendee]

[Aajonus]

We'll, you should keep the honey at 104-105 degrees?

.

(25) How Much High Meat
[Attendee]

My question is again, how strict should we be

[Aajonus]

It's depends upon the person?

It depends upon the person, depends upon the person.

I've seen people do the diet, 50% take away their problem and then continue 50% for their whole lives.

My parents are that way, you know they were both dying in their 60s, then I got them to eat half raw They eat the raw olive oil, they'll eat the raw butter.

They don't won't eat the raw meat, but just my father ate it only when he was in pain with his knee transplant.

And you know he was suffering for weeks and I told him the story.

And I've been trying to get him to eat raw meat for 27 years, you know, and he ate the raw meat.

[Attendee]

No, I'm talking about the rotten egg.

.

.

[Aajonus]

Oh, you mean the high bacterial foods.

It depends on what you want?

It is a medicinal remedial thing.

If you're in depression, eat a little everyday.

If you're not in depression, you want hormones to build and develop in your body.

You know, use it a couple times a week.

One high egg a month might do.

If I have one high egg a month it does me, otherwise I'm a sexual maniac.

[Attendees],[Attendee #2]

laughs

So, that's the best thing for sexual vigor then, the high eggs.

[Attendees]

I mean for some people, their bodies are going to use it differently, but as you get healthier and eat more of the high eggs, you will have an excess?

.

(26) How Strict
[Attendee]

My question is, how strict do we need to be on this diet and how long

It depends upon the individual it's an individual situation?

The man who had the hip replacement they had the two years of suffering.

Year and three months or year and seven months or something like that.

No, year plus 3/4 of the year.

So it must be nine months, year, nine months of pain.

He did the diet probably 75%, but he made sure he ate a pound and a half of meat a day.

.

(27) How To Convince People To Do Diet
[Attendee]

What do I do

Well, how do I go in there, you know how do I begin to communicate with them?

The design that their doctors are giving them?

[unclear]

what they're doing, so I have to kind of watch myself and what I say.

And you're working with them.

[Aajonus]

Whenever I'm dealing with a medical body like that.

I take the facts with me?

And in one of the chapters, the very last chapter I think it is in The Recipe For Living Without Disease.

Yeah, talks about all the universities that use raw milk to reverse diseases, and you can open their minds with that and they say oh you can reverse diabetes by drinking raw milk.

And pasteurized milk causes diabetes, you know?

And when you've got these tests going on, you start giving them that information.

You give them just a little bit of it at first.

The weeks go by and they absorb that and they can't counter it.

But it grows, starts growing like a plant in their brain.

It opens them up and then they want more and more.

Some of them will just shut down.

.

(28) How To Repair Cartilage
[Attendee],[unclear] three weeks ago about this [unclear]

I've got a question, I pulled my back or

The problem you said is no cartilage.

What can you do.

[Aajonus]

You rebuild it?

Eating eggs and meat together.

Let's say 20% chicken and 80% red meat, you make a steak tartar with red meat in it, that will do it quickly.

You have one meal like that and the pain will disappear by 50% within about an hour.

.

(29) Importance Of Fat
[Aajonus]

I was in so much pain I couldn't eat much

[Attendee]

So, can you give us an estimate how we need to be.

Like I gained already 22 pounds, do I need more?

[Attendee #2],[Aajonus]

laughs

Well, I would say no more than 5 more pounds?

[Attendee]

Okay.

[Aajonus]

Right now to me, you're perfect.

[Attendee #3]

Excuse me, right now I am overweight, 30 pounds.

[Aajonus]

You're perfect.

[Attendees]

Nooo.

.

[Aajonus]

I'm serious, I'll tell you a story, so you'll all understand.

I was in Asheville, NC.

Visiting patients.

Last year, was September.

Nashville was full of these hippies from my era 40s and 50 years old, hippies.

And they've all been long term vegetarians, they thought they were doing the right thing.

Yet, they're the sickest people I've seen.

Then, this guy who looked like he'd been a motorcycle biker, you know, a gang member.

Walks in and he's got all this adipose tissue all over his face like he's been a drug abuser for at least 25 years now calling for 30 years.

He was only about maybe 25 pounds overweight.

And his coloring was pretty good, but his skin was a mess.

I mean, as far as adipose tissue and the damage that was done in the skin, the scaring.

When I looked at his irises, his insides were almost Immaculate.

And all these people who were 30 year vegetarians who thought they were doing the right thing and heres this drug abuser.

He'd been an alcoholic for 30 years and a drug abuser for 27 years.

We're talking cocaine, heroin, everything.

And I said it doesn't make sense to me, how can this be.

You are only 25-30 pounds overweight?

He said, "We'll, before I went on your diet 5 months ago I was 300 pounds".

Fat absorbed poison.

We know that scientifically because when you go into a body you find the poisons, the toxins wherever the fat is and it's mostly in glands and the fat tissue.

So, if you're fat your protected.

[Attendee #2]

He lost 300 pounds on your diet.

[Aajonus]

No?

He was 300 pounds, he lost 120 pounds, 130 pounds.

I said don't lose anymore.

[Attendee #3]

But, if you're eating everything diet and you're not gaining weight.

[Aajonus]

Then you're not eating enough?

.

(30) Joint Replacement
[Attendee]

Bone loss, that's what we want to know about

Bone loss in his hip from- the doctor said it's from chemotherapy.

[Aajonus]

Oh, so you've got a femur joint replacement.

[Attendee]

He hasn't done it yet, that's what the doctor was saying?

They even said it wasn't going to be effective, but it's the only thing that can help.

[Aajonus]

Okay, I have, even my father- A year ago, September, I was in Florida.

And I was doing a seminar in Fort Lauderdale or West Palm Beach and.

I said, you know, I've never been here to Florida before, yet they have like 7 people in this room.

They were all ages and their forts full of elderly people and I said how would you people find out about this diet.

Why are so many of you, you know, here?

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

laughs

And one man stood up and said I had a hip replacement and I was in pain for two years?

And they replaced it again and they did all kinds of things and nothing could stop it.

Drugs wouldn't stop it, nothing.

Then he said, "I ate your meat for 10 days, snap raw meat 10 days and the pain was gone".

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

Oh my god!

Another guy stood up and said I had a knee replacement, same thing, he ate the raw meat, pain was gone snap.

These people have suffered for years with pain, raw meat, pain was gone.

[Attendee]

But does it have to be raw red meat or chicken and fish.

[Aajonus]

It should be a combination?

You have to understand that the bone marrow in the joint is is like butter.

But it is fed a lot by the red meat because the bone marrow breeds your red and white blood cells.

So, for some reason red meat is still very important for the bone marrow.

And the bone area is usually pushing off the poisons to the joint, which is causing the pain.

And when your body gets the proteins, they can bind with those poisons, and then they're not irritating the joint.

So red meat in combination with-   .

(31) Laptop & Carpal Tunnel
(32) Lemon Juice Eats Into Stomach Mucus
[Attendee]

Yeah, I wanna know more specifically about putting meat in lemon juice, like chicken and fish or whatever

I did some fish recently and I had it in for about 5 days.

[unclear] .

[unclear] and the high meat.

You know, I, I thought it would be OK?

[Aajonus]

It may have been coincedental.

[Attendee]

Would it have something to do with the lemon juice.

[Aajonus]

If you have too much lemon juice it's going to eat into your stomach mucus and if it starts eating into the stomach mucus and your mucus is very thin or short fibered, then it's going to cause burns of the stomach?

[Attendee #2]

Was it organic lemons.

[Attendee]

I don't know, probably?

[Attendee #2]

Because I found that I got a stomach ache when I didn't use organic lemons.

.

(33) Long Mucus Fibers = Fertile
[Aajonus]

Music has fibers in it, and it's like a mesh

It's like layers and layers of cloth.

You've got these fibers, protein fibers.

When a woman was on her period or not fertile.

You can see the mucus fibers, you can take a mucus and it will pop! It will only go a 1/16th to an 1/8th of an inch and then the fiber will break.

The mucus won't stay long.

But when she's fertile, those mucus fibers get very long and you can stretch them about that long before they break.

That's the difference and the longer the fibers and the more protection you have in the body.

Usually women only develop that kind of mucus in their fertile period.

Otherwise, the body usually creates it all the time that way if an animal is raw and healthy.

[Attendee]

But in other places in the body too.

[Aajonus]

Everywhere it will make it, but because the reproduction is so delicate, that gets the concentration?

.

(34) Mad Cow & Mad Deer Caused By Goverment Testing
[Aajonus]

By chemicals or those that are fed raw foods

So, the diseases that you know, like mad cow and mad deer disease.

It's a fallacy.

The military was going around doing chemical warfare testing in Wyoming, Utah, that entire area.

All through the 50s.

And of course, those chemicals work over time, each generation keeps collecting more and it damages the system.

Yet the deer don't get crazy, their systems don't dissolve like that.

They found the prions in them and said, "Oh, these are bad deer because we found the prion.

".

But, the deers brains weren't disolving, they didn't have- like the humans have CJD, which means that the brain starts melting andturns into a sponge.

It just dissolves and melts and the reason the cows have it is because they're injected with vaccines.

They have mercury in them, thimerisol.

All vaccines, and these cows are getting injections every month.

So that mercury starts collecting, and a lot of it in the brain and nervous system because mercury, especially liquid mercury has a propensity to go into the nervous system.

So, when it collects in these animals.

And the worst diets that they have if they're eating byproducts of food processing, which is not food at all.

No life, no enzymes, no vitamins, nothing alive.

They're eating this bad food an they're eating this mercury and there's nothing to prevent the mercury from dissolving the brain and nervous system.

So that's why there's mad cow.

It's not the prion that causes it, the prion is a result, not the fault.

[Attendee]

Now, wouldn't you have to argue that a little bit further because I mean the initial breakout was like in England, right.

So, but I mean those practices have been going on in the United States for a long time, so how would you explain that?

[Aajonus]

England's been vaccinating cows since the late 1800s, in this country it mainly started about 1950s?

[Attendee]

So, you think it's a matter of longevity then.

[Aajonus]

Yes, there's actually documented evidence, you just have to find it on the internet?

.

(35) Mattresses
[Attendee]

What about rubber foam mattress

[Aajonus]

They gas five years?

[Attendee]

But latex.

[Aajonus]

Latex will gas for five years?

[Attendee]

But I thought it was natural.

[Aajonus]

Well, if they're using true rubber latex, but if they're using a polymer with it?

.

.

Latex is a rubber, but a lot of times they're using polymers with, you know, plastic.

Epoxy, they are using epoxy to bind the rubber together and that's plastic, that's the thing that will gas the BPA.

Well, I had a rubber mattress made, 100% latex, all-natural rubber.

[unclear] constantly.

So, what I did was I had an organic futon made to go on top of it.

So, I used that as my spring.

$1200 dollar box spring.

[Attendee]

Organic, but made of what.

[Aajonus]

100% organic cotton if you had it made, I had mine made?

[Attendee]

They have an option where you can do layer of wool on top, like a pillow of wool.

So, would be as good as a futon.

[Aajonus]

Actually, mine was made of 20% wool and 20% cotton because it sponges more, but it's all organic?

But, if you go to a company now, they'll want to charge almost $2000 for that, but I went to the futon company on LIBREA and I said OK, I want an all cotton- you know that particular mixture, but I want it all organic.

"So, we're gonna have to charge a lot of money for that", it end up costing me only $600 for an 8-inch-thick queen size mattress.

It would've cost me $2000.

But that was $400 more than their regular futons, so that was a great bargain.

But I had to go buy my own material because all their materials are polyester, partially polyester.

So, I had to go buy a fabric.

And get the amount that I needed, the yardage that I needed and get down the material.

But they built it all for me.

[Attendee]

So, they have the organic filling.

[Aajonus]

They were able to buy it, yep?

So, I had two of them made because I have an outside bed and an inside.

[Attendee]

I was just going to go with the 100% latex.

[Aajonus]

But the latex one, let me tell you, you will have trouble with perspiring, it molds.

Your perspiration comes down and all of a sudden you have black mold, and it was horrific.

So, I made a futon to put on top and it was perfect.

[Attendee]

So, what's the percentage of cotton and wool in the futton.

[Aajonus]

20% wool and 80% cotton?

It keeps a better touch, it springs better.

It feels really good.

[Attendee]

What's the best bed to get that doesn't have all these retardants.

[Aajonus]

There's none.

California has a law where you have to put borax or some other fire retardant in it.

So, I invented a doctor and wrote a letter that said he's allergic to borax, do not put any fire retardant in it.

So, they made my futon without fire retardants in it.

[Attendee]

That's the only way to get it.

[Aajonus]

That's the only way to get it?

'cause it is a law.

[Attendee]

Even organic.

[Aajonus]

Even organic?

Doesn't make a difference, they still have to put a fire retardant in it.

Unless you can find a chiropractor that say's doctor on it, these guys don't know.

You get a note from a doctor, they won't put it in there.

[Attendee]

Why would you want to use a box spring.

[Aajonus]

Because it makes it firm?

[Attendee]

But you could find a cheap latex mattress if you don't care about a box spring, you can get it for like $700.

[Aajonus]

Well, I don't like box springs because they have metal, and I'm very sensitive and I'll wake up with radio sounds going through my head in my sleep, so I don't like that.

If a siren goes off 50 miles away, for some reason the metal will just drive it in my brain.

So, I can't use any metal in my bed.

.

(36) Monsanto Wants All Natural Animals Dead
[Aajonus]

And also, there's another factor involved

Dow, Monsanto, with some of the other genetic engineers, want all these natural animals dead.

Because they're allowed to develop genetically altered, even if it's just one gene they alter, they can patent that animal.

Patient that animal! What happens with the patented crops.

There was a case two years ago in Canada?

This guys got an organic farm.

The next door neighbor's got genetically grown crops.

The seed flies over to his, just along the border, Monsanto goes and sues the farmer for growing his crops, he wins! Monsanto wins, so this farmer has now lost his farm to DOW because he was growing- not purposely.

[Attendee]

And the reason they know that is because Monsanto whenever they do the growing, they send out guys that examine and take samples.

It's just so evil I can't even.

[Aajonus]

And the courts are backing them up, so the same thing is happening with animals.

If you want an animal or a cow to grow it, and it's genetically engineered, guess who get's paid royalties.

You have to pay a percentage of every pound of meat that you sell to DOW or Monsanto?

they want to get rid of all these.

They want to get rid of all the natural cattle.

[Attendee]

So they had the death seeds that won't propagate right.

[Aajonus]

Yes?

[Attendee]

So, what the next step is we'll patent men in the planet and some won't have any viability.

So, if you want to become pregnant you have to buy sperm from Monsanto.

[Attendees],[Attendee],[Aajonus]

laughs

That's the way it's going

It's true, it's very true.

If you want to breed your animals, they won't breed, so you have to go to Monsanto and they'll have them artificially inseminated.

$10,000 implantation, that's if it takes.

They're just greedy.

.

(37) More Periods
[Attendee]

That produces hormones, right

[Aajonus]

Well, if you're eating cooked foods, it depends upon the body, but you can produce poor hormone?

[Attendee]

Yeah, poor hormone, but I was just wondering if those hormones could create a period, or if it's jsut natural hormones that create a period.

[Aajonus]

Any kinds of hormones can do it, but it's certain kinds of chemical constituents that get into those hormones that cause a cessation in menstruation?

[Kathy]

They said that it's not the eggs that they run out.

It's something in the brain, within the brain channel.

[Aajonus]

It's a hormone change.

[Kathy]

No, I'm saying as women get older, they don't run out of eggs.

[Attendee]

I was just wondering if maybe sometimes the reason the women's having her period is because she's cleansing, as a way of cleansing her out.

[Aajonus]

Well, that's normally- but all other animals, other than humans menstruate at the same thing when they are fertile?

So, the eggs that don't get fertilized get dumped immediately.

That's the flow, but humans because we've been eating cooked food so long, we have a different cycle.

We have the fertilization period.

Menstruation that follows 12-15 days later.

[Attendee]

That's because of cooked food.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, cause of the contamination in the body?

You're talking about 10,000 years of change.

[Attendee #2]

I saw an interesting comment on that.

There's a technique called Lunaception.

And the idea, very briefly, was that women used to be in cycle with the moon, and with the new moon, and that they would all experience periods at the same time.

And what messed it up was interior lighting and unnatural lighting.

One kind or another, and there's actually a little book out there called Lunaception, explains how you can utilize like a 40-Watt lightbulb or something like that.

And just as you're sleeping, you synchronize the exposure of your skin with the new moon so that.

You know you have your light sticking out from under the cupboard or something like that and you'll go back in synchronization with the moon.

And there was this girl who had her period regularly since her first menses and suddenly we started doing this and then the first period was like way overdue and then settling within a week she had a second period, and it was really intense and the third period fell right on the new moon.

[Aajonus]

Well, maybe the diet changed that cycle without the effects of using the light change.

[Attendee #2]

Yeah, that could be true.

.

(38) New Book Eat Shit and Live
[Aajonus]

You know, my fourth book will be called, "Eat Shit and Live"

[Attendees],[Aajonus]

laughs claps

It's a comedy, spoofing everything that's backwards about your civilization.

.

(39) Northstar Bison Not Organic Deworms Monthly and Females Are Vaccinated
[Aajonus]

Northstar bison is not organic

[Attendee]

It's not.

[Aajonus]

No?

[Attendee]

But you recommend it.

[Aajonus]

Not for bone marrow and glands because they use de-wormers monthly and they give the females vaccines?

[Attendee]

Cause James is selling it down there.

[Aajonus]

I know, I told James?

James knows, he's selling it because he wants to offer it.

He said if I can get some other sources, he'll carry the other sources, but the only sources I have are Cathy's, they're Cathy's sources, so I go to her.

If somebody wants to find other sources, they have to do what Cathy does, search them out.

Cathy's been very diligent in helping us do that, finding the best.

[Kathy]

Well, I always go for the highest quality.

[Aajonus]

This is a woman who five years ago was catatonic and couldn't talk.

Now you can't shut her up.

[Attendees]

Laughs profusely .

(40) Nut Formula Brings Energy Down
[Attendee]

And he mentioned the nut formula too right

[Aajonus]

Well, the nut formula helps bind with excess hormone?

[Attendee]

I see.

[Aajonus]

So, the nut formulas not for somebody who has a low energy level.

If you've got psychological problems, yeah a little nut formula will help bind with those psychological, chemical by-products.

If you have too much nut formula, that's going to arrest a lot of hormones in the system and bring your adrenaline level, your energy level down.

[Attendee]

It'll bring your energy level down if you eat too much nut butter.

OK, 'cause I've just been like doing tons of nut butter and then I've gone without my period now for about 3 months?

[Aajonus]

Yeah, you just keep arresting your own hormones.

[Attendee]

Oh, that's what's going on.

That's what I was trying to figure out?

I had this idea that the nut butter formula was helping my hormones.

So, what kind of foods do I need to eat to help my hormones.

[Aajonus]

Like I said, glands, any glands?

[Attendee]

Any glands.

And then just red meat and eggs won't do it?

[Aajonus]

Oh, it will help, but if you want concentrated- glands produce hormones, that's why they're called glands.

So, if you get it gland, you're going to get a hormone, lot's of hormones within that gland.

The body can take any hormone as long as it's raw and convert it to another hormone.

We can take adrenaline and make it a pituitary.

We can take a pituitary and make it into adrenaline.

Your body can convert any of them.

[Kathy]

I was talking about two specialized glands, and that's the placenta and the ovary.

When you age those glands, doesn't it reproduce the body to repair those tissues.

[Aajonus]

No.

[Kathy]

When you take high ovaries or high placenta.

[Aajonus]

You mean for menstruation?

[Kathy]

Or whatever you're doing?

[Aajonus]

No, If you're talking about the reproductive glands, then you can look to the reproductive glands to help.

But if you're looking for pituitary or adrenal, if you want the body to focus on that, then you need the adrenal gland.

If it's the adrenal gland you want, then eat the adrenal.

If it's the pituitary, then eat the pituitary.

American-Indians do that.

That's why anybody who had a disease of a particular gland, got the land of that animal.

Any gland would help, but they knew that it would help that gland specifically to be eaten.

That's the gland you're having a problem.

.

(41) Oysters Live On Sea Water Only
[Aajonus]

So, do you have a question

[Kathy]

Yeah, I wanted to know?

When I went into the Ocean Ave seafood place yesterday, I was talking to the guy in the oyster bar, and he was saying that when the oysters come in.

What he does, he takes cold water, he washes them through all around to take off the sand and any kind of smell.

'cause they always just come in very smelly.

Well, I wanted to know, but since I've ate that oyster, is the water going through that oyster.

[Aajonus]

The oyster only eats one time a day, and it will only eat one time a day?

And what it does is absorb seawater and it filters the sea water.

So, when they wash it with city water, if that oyster absorbs any of the water will kill the oyster.

Oyster cannot live on fresh water, especially contaminated by the city water.

So no, it was does not get into the oyster.

[Kathy]

So, should I hold it like this and slip it into my mouth.

[Aajonus]

When they wash it off, it's all off.

Any water that comes out of the oyster is sea water.

[Kathy]

No, what I'm saying is when it drips.

[Aajonus]

When he watches it, it's early when he gets them in.

So, anything dripping is going to be seawater.

[Attendee]

No, they'll do that in sushi bars, they'll open up the shell and wash the actual oyster meat beforehand.

[Aajonus]

Tell them not to do it.

[Kathy]

No, he washes it beforehand.

Shelled.

[Aajonus]

The water on the shell, if there's any water on the shell by the time you get it, it's just the water from inside the oyster that's broken.

[Kathy],[Aajonus]

It so whenever I slip out like that and I can pour it out on the bowl

Yeah, and drink it.

[Kathy]

Okay, so there's no city water then.

[Aajonus]

It's ocean water, the waters been highly filtered from the oysters?

.

(42) Periods
(43) Pineapple & Papaya Okay To Eat With Red Meat
[Attendee]

Did you say pineapple and papaya are alkaline

[Aajonus]

Alkaline, no, but as I said, they will mix with red meat and still allow the meat to become a healer, a cell regenerator?

So, it doesn't matter whether it's alkaline or acid, those are the two meats- probably because the bromelain, and the papain.

The papain in the papaya, which is a protein that helps breakdown and disassemble protein.

And the bromein in pineapple, which helps breakdown protein.

.

(44) Polyurithane Plastic In Casts
You know, they are starting to put polymers in there, so they're putting polyurethane plastics in new casts

That you don't want because it will gas into your arm, so you're not gonna heal properly.

.

(45) Pottengers Cat Study Redone Fecal Matter
Edward Howell, he did the experiments to repeat what Pottenger did

Pottenger took the 900 cats over a 10-year period.

Fed one group cooked, one group raw and over that and over that period of 20 years, all the cats that were fed cooked meats and cooked dairy all got diseases.

All the diseases of man.

And the cats that were fed all raw and had no diseases.

Well, Howell wanted to do the same thing, but he didn't want to have the life expansion of a cat and all the cats lived 1/3 the normal life that they would live, if they weren't autopsied before, just to check their organs and everything.

Because Pottenger let very few live their full lifespan, just a few in each group.

But Howell wanted to see how they will all live if they have their full lifetime.

So, he used rats which lived three years normally, healthy rats.

And he found that the rats who who were fed the cook food had all the diseases of man, the rats who had raw foods had no diseases.

But they all lived three years.

Both groups, and boy that really confused him.

So, he went around for a year, scratching his head trying to figure it out.

Then all of a sudden he realized a note that appeared every day.

These rats are eating their fecal matter.

And it's only the rats that were eating cooked foods.

So, he redid the test, put a screen down and they only lived two years instead of three years, that's all.

So, the fecal matter was very important for giving them protein because in the bowels your last stage of protein digestion.

That's where the E.

coli converts those proteins into the b-vitamins and compound amino acids which backs up the nervous system.

That's why almost all animals eat fecal matter.

And get the E.

coli growing quickly.

You know, the pharmaceutical and medical profession wants you to believe that bacteria is the whole problem of everything when it's got nothing to do with bacteria.

All animals have been living with bacteria for millions of years in complete harmony.

No diseases, no death, but the pharmaceutical and the medical industry.

The pharmaceutical runs the medical industry.

They dictate what happens in the schools and everything, so the doctors can't really blame them.

You need to blame the pharmaceutical houses.

So, they want you to believe that bacteria is your problem.

And bacteria just occur as a consequence of disease but does not create disease.

But they are calling it just the opposite.

Yet, all of their drugs create more diseases and there's no cure with the disease, and you go there route.

But if you look at other doctors of the period around Pasteur.

You know who didn't believe in the germ theory, and believed in spontaneous, you know-

Spontaneous eruption or transformation, or transmogrification of one life form to another.

You could take a a certain bacteria and they can transform from a certain kind of salmonella to another form of bacteria and other type of amoeba that would help eat up certain decaying tissue.

[Attendee]

Yeah, there were studies where they ensure that the bacteria will convert rods to spirals.

And so forth.

[Attendee]

Right, and each one would have a different diet and it would clean up the garbage.

So,these bacteria and parasites are very important for health if you're diseased.

.

(46) Refridgerated Eggs
[Attendee]

The only way we can buy fertile eggs is if they are refrigerated when we get them

If we take them out and leave them out, is that okay.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, they will start building up their bacteria again, and more protein will access?

Yes, never refrigerate eggs.

You gotta re-read the books.

Well, call your store.

Find out when they get the eggs in, the eggs are never refrigerated until they are put on the truck.

The truck takes five hours at the most to get to the last stop, so it's only a few hours.

Find out what day and what time the eggs come in.

Go in that day and they have only been refrigerated a few hours.

Cause it takes them about 3 hours to get to the temperature where the law says that the eggs have to be delivered at a certain temperature, just like 48 degrees.

Usually, the trucks will take it lower because they want them to chill faster but cause the first delivery may be only 3 hours away from the house where they got the eggs.

[Attendee]

So, you shouldn't put the eggs in the refrigerator.

[Aajonus]

Eggs should never be put in the refrigerator

?

(47) Rofling Mass Bad Light Touch Good
Rolfing is a very brutal, painful manipulation massage

They will stick their entire thumb up your nose, and they'll work it and crack they'll everything.

And they'll dig in and they'll bruise, they bruise you!

If you've got any lymphatic congestion and lymphatic dryness, it will break all these canals.

And what happens is you will bleed, and you will get all these serums in between.

That can lead to lupus, cancer, all kinds of problems.

You got lymphatic congestion; you can really push yourself into lymphoma quickly.

So, Rolfing is the worst physical therapy that can be done.

The best physical therapy is light touch massage, it's like electric.

You just have somebody go like this over you gestures.

.

(48) Rubber Flip Flops Toxic and Nylon and Polyester BPAs
[Aajonus]

Rubber flip flops

Not necessarily, are they truly rubber?

Come from a rubber tree?

Are they truly rubber or are we talking about nylon plastic?

[Attendee]

If they're nylon or plastic they're toxic?

[Aajonus]

Toxic?

They've got BPAs in them.

BPAs are polymers.

They're used to harden plastic.

Tests came out 9 months ago showed that 82% of animals subjected to polymer gas, that leached from plastic, nylon clothes or anything, 82% of them got a brain tumor.

Guess what.

They're allowed to use the BPA for another 5 years because ot the finances?

Industry will go under and lose tremendous amounts of money if they can't put out this product.

So, they have 5 years to find an alternative.

Wow, babies get brain tumors and we'll all just get brain tumors, and other cancers because of these plastics.

If you're gonna wear clothes, wear no nylon, no rayon, nothing, but silk, wool or cotton, period.

Or linen.

Those four, that is it.

Everything else is cancer inducing, can you imagine.

[unclear] , they flake, they dust?

You look at the lint in your dryer, it's the same with natural as with any synthetic fibers.

That gets into your lungs, that's plastic in your lungs.

What do you have to do to break down plastic, it has to break down into a polymer.

Everybody's breathing these and we've only had 20 years of it and each year there's less and less natural cloth available.

So, you can imagine in the next 20 years, the amount of brain tumors children are going to have.

Because that's all they've have is synthetic clothing.

Plastic, constantly breathing plastic.

[Attendee #2]

So, only cotton.

[Aajonus]

Cotton, wool, silk, linen, and hemp?

But I consider hemp a linen.

[Attendee]

What's the shoes then, leather.

[Aajonus]

Leather or rubber?

[Attendee]

But only leather or rubber.

[Aajonus],[unclear]

Or you could have or something like that?

[Kathy]

What about tennis shoes, you're wearing socks.

[Aajonus]

Well, the plastic is still gonna gas?

Whether you've got socks on or not, you're gonna have the gas infiltrate your foot.

.

(49) Shampoo
[Aajonus]

Correct, but if I'm using if I want to make shampoo and I'm not using the coconut cream and the water, I use 2 ounces of vegetable juice, green vegetable juice, 2 ounces of milk if my hair is very dry

It will condition the hair.

And a tablespoon of honey, tablespoon of coconut cream.

Or no milk and just a tablespoon of coconut cream to condition the hair and one egg.

That's what I put on my hair dry.

Or you could just use an egg, if you use an egg by itself, and you just wanna clear your hair with an egg, then wet your hair first before you put the egg in it, or your hair will smell like egg.

[Attendee]

Don't you end up feeling a little greasy, I know when I get it on my skin it's really greasy.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, but once you get out of the bath and you take your towel over it, it doesn't leave an oily film on, it's just perfect.

It's phenomenal.

[Kathy]

So, in the shampoo.

How long do you keep the egg on first.

[Aajonus]

No, if you're using the egg as your shampoo, you wet your hair first before you put the egg?

[Kathy]

Then you put on the egg.

[Aajonus]

Depends, you can put it on 2 minutes?

[Kathy]

But the vegetable juice and the coconut cream, you leave it on for 5 minutes.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, I leave it on for about 5 minutes, but then I don't wet the hair first when I use that?

[Kathy],[Aajonus]

You have the vegetable juice and the coconut-

I have the egg, the vegetable juice, the honey, and the milk.

I don't wet my hair first.

[Kathy]

The coconut cream you said in place of milk.

[Aajonus]

I use a tablespoon of coconut cream in place of milk.

If I'm using the vegetable juice, no matter what mixture, if I'm using the vegetable juice in it, I do not wet my hair first.

If I'm using just egg, I wet the hair first, so my hair won't smell like egg.

[Attendee #2]

Isn't that not good for a vagina for candida.

[Aajonus]

I don't have a vagina, so I don't know?

[Attendees],[Attendee #2]

Extreme laughter

So, how are you gonna find out the answer to that one.

[Aajonus]

It's not a problem?

[Attendee #2]

Oh, okay.

I thought the honey made it worse.

[Aajonus]

Well, what it does is it allows them to procreate faster and eat more of it, but when you get out and the coconut cream is into your skin, it just stops the candida?

Smothers it.

Takes the effects away.

Or you you're not having coconut cream in your bath, then you put the primal facial body care cream from the recipe book.

Put that on this area and the itching will go right away.

[Attendee #3]

But if you don't put it on your scalp it won't get absorbed by your body.

[Aajonus]

It keeps leaking down from your shaft onto your scalp?

.

(50) Shoes
[Aajonus]

Do you see my shoes

Wherever they are there, they're leather tennis shoes?

These are not plastic, they are leather.

All leather.

[Attendee]

Are the soles pure rubber.

[Aajonus]

The sole is all rubber, and this is all leather?

[Attendee]

But aren't they hot.

[Aajonus]

I always get shoes that are half a size bigger than my foot, so theres lots of air cooling?

[Kathy],[unclear]

Do you know is leather.

[Aajonus]

I have no idea?

Whenever I go into a store, I look what's there, what they're producing right now, and I find what's leather.

But I would say that shoes are the least of your problems.

.

(51) Strawberries Acid Others Alkaline
[Attendee]

What about berries, are they alkaline or

[Aajonus]

It depends upon the berry?

Strawberries are acid, most of the other berries are alkaline.

[Attendee]

So, strawberries you could have.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, with fish?

.

(52) Testing For Radiation Blender and Fridges High
[Aajonus],[unclear]

Meter, you can see it and if you got a special would cost a fortune for one of those, and you can just take your meter and see

Protect yourself, every time that meter costs $150/$130-$135.

But let me tell you, for your health you can go around your house.

If your bed is near one of those fields, move it away from that field.

Because you've got the wires running through your house and some of them can be pretty bad.

[Attendee]

Yeah, refrigerators are pretty intense.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, refrigerators and blenders.

Blenders are the worst, but we don't blend for very long.

That's why in my book I say blend 5 seconds.

Maximum 30 seconds and you don't stand there.

Looking at or holding it, you get away from it.

But you have to really be exposed to those fields for four or five minutes.

[Attendee]

Yeah, I run my blender with a keyboard actually.

[Attendees],[Attendee #2]

Vicious laughter

That's a good idea! Aajonus, have you heard that you can take a little portable transistor radio and tune it off of the station, so you just hear static and then that works like a meter.

So, when you hear it getting more intense static, you know there's more.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, but that's certain fields.

[Attendee]

Probably for ionizing radiation.

.

(53) Too Much Sleep
[Attendee]

My sleeping problem has always been that I sleep way too much

So, once I got on the diet my energy during the day is pretty good, but I do need like 9 or 10 hours sleep every day.

And if I go to bed late for some reason and I have to wake up early for something important it's one of the most difficult things for me.

It's always been my whole life and I haven't noticed the change yet, even though I'm being, you know, pretty good.

[Aajonus]

How long.

[Attendee]

February?

[Aajonus]

February, sometimes it takes much longer.

90% of healing happens in the sleep state.

Normally, I only sleep 4 1/2 hours a day, total.

Three hours at night, half an hour to an hour during the day.

Sometimes I goan hour and a half of sleep during the day continuously.

During this healing period, I'm sleeping 12, 14, 16 hours a day.

Can't heal quickly without sleep state.

Then you know Cleopatra or beauty sleep.

That was true.

She would force himself take an hour, 2-hour nap during a day to get her beauty, sleep.

'cause it rejuvenates the whole body.

So, sleeping you should take advantage of because very few people heal like that.

But you know, once you're on the diet after a while, then you'll break through it.

Now I've seen people who are very sick take three years to break that.

Y'know, I've had one woman had- 28-year-old girl who had 30 tumors in the breast tumor in her right kidney attached to her adrenal gland in her hip bone.

You know she's chronichally fatigued for eight years before she went on the diet and worked six hours a week, that's all she could work.

Slept 1214-hour days.

After 2 1/2 years on the diet, that changed.

Went down to 8 hour 8 1/2 most.

Now, six years on the diet she sleeps maybe 6-8 hours.

And she goes all the time.

All this energy, goes, goes, goes.

So, it depends upon your health and what's happening in your body but count your blessings if you can sleep.

[Attendee]

I've always felt envious of people who were really sharp in the morning that they don't need an alarm clock, they see the light coming through the window and they're up.

And for me I'm literally fighting the sheet.

I have words in my mind when waking up 'cause my mind wants to wake up and my body just can't wake up.

[Aajonus]

You've got a low hormone.

You've got to eat a lot of butter with your meat.

Butter and meat together, no matter what kind of meat it is, white or red.

Chicken or fish, but a combination of all three along with butter will manifest-

will allow your body and help your body produce more hormones.

Then if you use cream or oliv.

(54) Toxic Fibers In Clothes & Blankets & Items
[Aajonus]

But I would say the shoes are the least of your problem

It would be the clothes that lint's, and you're breathing it.

That's the major problem.

You're breathing that plastic, I mean your in sheets, your bed.

You know, I had to take my own sheets with me now because every hotel is buying synthetic sheets.

'cause you're breathing plastic.

Guess what's going to happen to plastic when it start's melting in your lungs 'cause you have to melt it, your body has to dissolve it.

That means you got all these polymers and all these-

You got all these certain kinds of epoxies.

You're going to have all those part made up of your lungs, it's going to be made up into your bronchial.

It's going to go into your brain, it's going to go throughout your body.

Stay away from plastic clothes, plastic sheets, plastic towels.

You're just asking for you know, disease.

Why do you think so many children are so diseased now.

We're talking five out of 80 children now have a disease, serious disease at birth.

[Attendee]

They're putting that fire retardant stuff in the beds too.

In the pajamas for the babies.

And in the futton mattresses.

[Aajonus]

Borax too.

And you know the chemical and researchers behind it are going to the fire departments and saying use this fire retardant, this will save lives.

Let's put it in clothing, let's put it in this and that for babies.

They know what it's going to do 'cause they've done the laboratory test, they know it's going to create disease.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

I read an article, they found that fire retardant stuff in breast tissue and finally-

Yes, yeah it came out three months ago.

Fire retardants increasing breast cancer by something about 12%.

.

(55) Vegetable Oils Are Rocks
[Aajonus]

Sauerkraut, that's a vegetable

Yes, I encourage people to eat soured vegetable juice because it'll help go in and clean out.

the vegetable oil.

That's what I told these three yesterday during consult.

Hardening of the arteries and tissue in the body comes from vegetable oil, not animal fats.

Take animal fat; butter, cream, any of them, put in with dirt.

It'll mold and turn into Earth.

If you take that vegetable oils and put them with dirt will turn into rock.

That's what amber it.

That's most of your stones are.

Your precious stones is plant fat

Under high pressure for a long time, and when you hydrogenizes a fat like hydrogenated peanut butter, or you know safflower oil and you user those.

You're basically creating rocks in your body.

It will harden.

[Attendee]

If you heat the oil it has the same affect.

[Aajonus]

It's worse, yeah?

If you heat it, it's worse.

If you hydrogenizes it's even worse because it forms the same molecular structure as plastic.

That's how plastic was invented.

This guy went to sleep when he was hydrogenating some fat.

Went to sleep, it stayed six hours beyond it's normal hydrogenation.

He had plastic, that's how plastic was invented.

So, these fermented things like cabbage juice in small amounts will cause a internal cleansing and that's good.

.

(56) Water Is A Solvent
[Aajonus]

Your fluid level

If you took tomatoes, one quart would be more than enough to do it.

Plus, it wouldn't leach too much in your body.

You need a certain amount of water because water and most important solvent.

It's so funny, even the medical profession, the pharmaceutical industry doesn't identify water as a solvent, but if you go into an archeologically and oceanographers.

They learned that water is an important solvent because you have to learn the properties of water and what it does to things in nature.

Archaeologists need to know, and oceanographers need to know that.

So, they're taught that water will just disintegrate anything that it combines with.

And that's it's property.

So, when you put water into the body, it'll tear your body apart if you're drinking too much water.

It'll leach minerals, vitamins, proteins from your system in your blood.

So, water is not something to have too much of, it should be very minimal.

[Attendee]

What about showers, bathing.

[Aajonus],[Attendee]

Well, I take a bath every 5 days

And not showers?

[Aajonus]

Yeah, I have a well, so I'm up there in Malibu mountains, I've got my own well?

[Attendee]

I've got my own well too, so that's okay.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, that's okay, but if you have city water like the LA city water has 192 chemicals in it?

People have shit and peed in it three times before you get it.

Because it comes all the way from the Colorado American Canal.

It comes down here, and it is used by Oxnard 1st and then it goes to the valley and then it goes to the community up here and then it goes to the lower, it's all recycled, it's all reconstituted.

.

(57) Weight Loss & Gain Cycles
[Attendee]

So, then when I lose that weight

Am I losing the weight with the poisons or?

[Aajonus]

Yes, when you put the weight on?

See, I tell people in the recipe book every six months gain and lose the weight.

I only say that because men and women have this bizarre notion that once they gain the weight, it's going to be very hard to lose it.

And it is for a lot of people were very toxic for the first two and a half years.

I would rather people be on a two-and-a-half-year cycle.

Get fat for 2 and a half years a then lose it.

But because people are so paranoid, it's easier to convince that if they can see what they're going to lose it in six months, and then gain it back again and lose it.

They feel more comfortable, then after a few years of doing that, they don't care if the fat stays on for a year, two years.

They're not worried about being fat forever.

There are a few people that it's impossible for them to lose the weight, even no matter how hard they try, but it's only like .

5% of all people I know on the diet.

And some people just don't want to, you know I was talking with a woman a couple of days ago and she says, "I can't stand that I'm fat, but I'm so happy".

She says, "Whenever I go on the weight loss program, I get unhappy.

I look good, but I'm unhappy".

So, y'know, she says, "I'm staying fat".

And fat for her is your size, to me that's not fat.

But, to her that's very fat because she used to be a skinny girl.

So, she'd rather be fat and happy, and I say great.

I can't tell names unless they're present.

See you didn't agree to anything I said, so I didn't mention your name.

.

(58) What To Eat Before Bath
[Aajonus]

Oh, the ingredients to eat! The ingredients to eat before you go in the bath

And that's 1/8 to 1/3 of an inch thick circular slice green pineapple.

-2 to 3 ounces of coconut cream.

-3 tablespoons of butter.

-One to three tablespoons of cow's cream.

-Honey if you like, it's not necessary.

What happens is the coconut cream, is an intense solvent.

Will dissolve matter, if you take, you know a lid from a canning jar that's been sitting around.

If you put coconut cream on the canning jar lid, within an hour it turns black, so ripping up the metals.

So, coconut is a wonderful solvent to get rid of toxins and dissolve matter.

So, you have the coconut cream in there.

Now you need something to arrest those poisons.

So, the butter and cream is for that.

It will bind with those poisons.

[Kathy]

You have those in place of the other fruit.

You put those in the bath?

[Aajonus]

No, that's what you're eating?

To dissolve cellulite in your body, you have the pineapple, the coconut cream, the butter/cream mixture.

So, that gets into your body, gets into your lymph system.

When you're in the bath, it softens the fat in the lymph system.

You've taken that formula inside the body and the lymph system feeds every cell in the body that isn't in the bloodstream.

[Kathy]

So, you're supposed to eat that an hour before you take a bath.

[Aajonus]

If you're taking bath for an hour and a half, you take it right before you get in the bath or right when you get in the bath, so that is in your body and in your lymph system within an hour and a half?

[This was later corrected to consume the coconut cream/pineapple mixture with your afternoon fruit meal and take your bath in the evening.

This allows it to be active in the system by the time you take the bath.

]

So, then you're out of the Bath and then you do your exercise and it's permeating in the lymph system.

You don't do that kind of thing.

[Attendee]

But, if you're on the weight loss, you don't take the formula.

[Aajonus]

You don't do that kind of thing on the weight loss?

You don't do things for intense detoxification when you're on the weight loss.

Weight loss is to get rid of fats that have already combined with poisons in your body.

You do not want to cause more deep tissue detoxification while you're losing the weight because there's not enough blood fat to take care of those poisons.

[Attendee]

If you want to get a copy of the tape from me.

That's probably the best thing if you're not recording.

[Aajonus]

Well, sometimes she has to have things said in a different way.

Her brain doesn't quite work.

I'm the same way.

I used to be the same way.

[Kathy]

Wait a minute.

If you're having- you have to have one fruit or the other, you can't have a fruit at 1:30-2:00 and then have another one before you go in the bath.

[Again, this was changed to having baths in the afternoon],[Aajonus]

You do your bath in the afternoon, that's why I tell people to do the bath in the afternoon.

[Attendee #2]

That's your fruit meal.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, that's your fruit meal?

[Kathy]

How many minutes before your bath do you have to take the fruit.

[Aajonus]

You take it right before you get in the bath or soon as you get in and drink it while you're in the bath?

[Kathy]

One tablespoon of coconut cream.

[Aajonus]

No, no?

It's on there, just write it down.

.

(59) What To Eat High Meat With Alone 15 Mins Before Meat Meal
[Attendee]

Do you eat it alone

Without anything else?

[Aajonus]

On your tape you'll hear it?

I told you to have butter, how much butter, how much cream.

[Attendee]

No, with the high meats.

[Aajonus]

Oh, the high meat.

High meat is always eaten alone or with water.

And 15 minutes before a meat meal.

.

(60) What To Use As Soap - Coconut Cream
[Attendee]

What do you use apart from water

If you don't use soaps, what do you use?

[Aajonus]

Umm, I use?

.

.

it depends.

If I use coconut cream and water, I just use a washcloth.

50 years ago, 80% of all the soaps in the world were made from coconut.

Saturated fat could just dissolve dirt and grime and get's rid of it instantly.

So, if I use coconut cream in the bath, then I'll just use the washcloth.

.

(61) Where Aajonus Is Going To Move and Healtrh Centre Plans
[2004],[Aajonus]

Picture of how it's going

So, I'm getting the frick out of this country.

That's why I'm looking for land in Thailand and Cambodia, these places where it's still very primitive.

Cambodia's phenomenal.

I mean, they're still living in grass huts.

In the major cities and there's like eight major cities, and even it's pretty primitive there.

They're eating raw meat on the streets and everything's got flies on it, they've got no disease.

[Attendee]   They butcher on the street too.

[Aajonus]   No, they butcher it and then bring it?

They could cut some of the right there in front of you, flies are all over it.

[Attendee #2]   Don't you think the real war is here in the United States.

This is where the battles gonna be won or lost, right?

[Aajonus]   In Canada, here and England?

Yeah.

Well, it's gonna be a long process cause I'm gonna build 12 health centers over the planet, but the place where I will probably live is the most primitive.

And each one of these locations is gonna have a farm because that's part of the health center.

So, it's gonna be completely self-sustaining solar generated everything, so were going to be doing a declaration of independence for each of these little centers.

They're going to be like the Indians or like a certain religious sect where we can be completely autonomous.

[Attendee]   But you really want to live there.

[Aajonus]   The United States is getting pretty bad?

[Attendee]   No, but you personally must really want to leave.

[Aajonus]   Nobody's gonna dictate the kind of health I can have?

Absolutely.

.

(62) Whos Gonna Help When Aajonus Moves To Thailand
[2004],[Attendee]

One other question

So, who's gonna help us out with all this stuff when you move to Thailand.

[Aajonus]   When I move to Thailand, it'll be at least three years, and I'll be there only three months at a time at the most because all of other clinics will be opening up?

I will be at another one in probably Oaxaca, Mexico.

So, there's gonna be 12 of 'em, so I'll be spending weeks in different ones, but I will have all the information in the books, and then I'll have a website eventually that's going to have every book on it, so you can run a search on it.

So, you'll pay to get on the website, pay monthly to get on the website, and you can put in whatever your problem is and you can put a search on it and it'll come up with every place that I mention it.

So, you can be able to see information just like that, but that's gonna be about two years to develop it.

[Kathy]   But are you gonna see the patients here.

[Aajonus]   They won't need me when I have all the information?

That's what I'm working at.

Everybody to be able to take care of themselves when I give everybody enough information, and they can address it.

[Attendee]   I meant to see the iridology.

[Aajonus]   Well, that's if they want to know themselves, but I'm training other people, we'll be training other people to do that.

I charge you $8,000 tuition a year plus 20 hours a week of work.

That involves one of my books, so you learn as you're working, but it's a three-year course.

[Attendee]   Are you training like doctors or are you training regular people.

[Aajonus]   I'm training only people who've had exposure to some kind of health principals?

[Attendee]   So, not necessarily doctors, but they're some kind of health professional.

[Aajonus]   Yeah.

They've been some kind of nutritionist, therapist, somebody that knows the body, so they don't have to learn the body.

All we have to know is the basics of the body.

[Kathy]   So, if you don't have a computer and your computer illiterate, then you're lost, huh.

[Aajonus]   Right?

Well, you won't be able to address it as easily.

You just have to go through the books and do it slowly.

And you still have the access to the information, but you won't be able to address it in an instant.

Could take you weeks to figure things out that would take you a day if you had a computer.

[Kathy]   I don't have a computer.

[Attendee]   Well, he travels around with his telephone, so it's not like he's going to another galaxy.

She needs some reassurance.

[Aajonus]   I encourage everybody to be fat.

I always would say that fat is protection.

It was the accident.

Took it off, lost like 20 pounds.

I couldn't eat because I didn't have all the food, I had to rely upon.

.

.

.

(63) Wife Wont Eat Chicken
[2004],[Jim]

Well, I have a bunch of questions, but one thing is no matter how I prepare chicken in all your recipes, my wife won't eat it, and I think she needs it

I'll eat it.

I like it.

What's what's going on.

[Aajonus]   Why won't she eat it?

[Jim]   She doesn't like it?

Even if I do the tomato and chicken soup thing, extra honey in, it makes it like candy, she still won't.

I don't know.

[Aajonus]   Did you blend it.

Did you take it and put it in a like 10% chicken with beef and put it together food processor and then make a dish of it?

[Jim]   No?

[Aajonus]   She'll never know it's in there.

[Jim]   So, just put it in a beef dish.

[Attendee]   Just trick her?

[Aajonus]   Yeah, just only 10%.

She won't be able to taste it.

Any more than that, she'll taste it.

[Attendee #2]   But that's kind of not without the person's consent.

[Aajonus]   He's making the food for her and she wants it.

She needs it.

I've seen her as a patient.

She needs it.

I told her she needs it.

[Attendee #2]   So, it's just a matter of she confronts it, she rejects it.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, but I have some clients who are that way and I tell them to blend it with red meat, and they'll never know.

.

(64) WOmen On Diet Get Period & Only Get Pregant 5 Days A Month
[2004],[Attendee]

So, you're saying on the primal diet it's more likely the woman is gonna get her period again, rather than stop the period

Have you ever had anyone say that they stopped having their period.

[Aajonus]

Probably had one that I remember, but I've had probably 40 women who were in menopause already, had gone through it, went on the diet and started menstruating?

In fact, one woman had a baby.

She wanted to have a baby.

She went through menopause, thought she was never gonna have a baby, and then started her period again, got pregnant.

So, she had her baby at 56.

Just remember women, you can only get pregnant five days a month, that is it, that is all.