(1) 40 Years To Clean Out The Body, 21 To Reach Ful Maturity
[2004]   Like I said the Recipe Book, it takes 40 years to clean out the body

It took 20 to 21 years to build your body, to come to full maturation.

Then your growth hormones reduced to a minimum, unless you eat lots of meat and then you can keep them going your whole life.

Raw meat, if you don't you won't do it.

It takes just as long to tear the body down and rebuild it.

So, it takes you 21 years to disassemble it and 20 years to rebuild it.

So, you're doing it all the time, so it's weaving in and out.

So, it takes 40 years according to Howell and his work with rats and Pottenger and his work with cats.

It was the same way; they took very diseased animals, and it took them five generations before they became optimal.

For us, five generations that takes 7 to 7.

5 years to regenerate every cell in the body one time.

Five times that, it's about forty years, and I've still got 18 years to go, but I'm already satisfied.

35 years ago, I was a worm on the floor, severe pain constantly and I couldn't sleep unless I was in a bath.

.

(2) 50% White&Red Meat Mitigates Pain
[2004],[Aajonus]

We can only help those who need help

Do you have a question.

[Attendee]

I read an article recently that claim that if you took a teaspoon of Cod liver oil for each 50 pounds of body weight, in other words, 150 pounds it takes three, and you put it in either milk or fresh squeezed orange juice once a day, do you think that has any affect?

[Aajonus]

Well, any of your pressed oils helps your body makes solvents to dissolve toxicity?

[Attendee]

It has omega-3s.

.

.

[Aajonus]

Again, that's another stretch.

If you have more toxicity in the body, you need all nutrients.

Not just omega-6 and omega-3.

[Attendee]

I'm focusing on arthritis.

[Aajonus]

Arthritis is mainly toxicity in the joints that's built up in the joints.

So, you've got bacteria in there trying to eat up the dead toxicity or the toxicity in the cells that have been destroyed by the poisons that have gone to that joint.

So, the bacteria is not your problem.

It's the toxins that have destroyed the tissue that the bacteria is feeding on.

Usually if you'll eat, you know, don't eat as much red meat cut down to 50-50, 50% red meat, 50% white meat, and you're eating the lubrication formulas.

You'll mitigate .

(3) Baths
[2003],[Kathy]

Can I bring that up now, what would the problem would be

I was going into the bath without waiting 7 to 10 minutes before going into the bath cause I thought that's what you're supposed to do?

[Aajonus]   No, I always said, wait 7 to 10 minutes before going into the bath.

[Kathy]   So now, I mean, after all these years, I don't know.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Just eat your regular diet.

It's going to have to detox gradually, getting in the bath is going to help because it's going to discharge a little bit of it out your skin.

[Kathy]   Did you say the thyroid.

[Aajonus]   That's what I was going to say.

I'm already answering you.

When the throat, lungs and sinuses, it's always this part of the body.

Anywhere from the throat, all the way up to the top of the head.

Brain, eyeballs, sinuses, thyroid, parathyroid, lymph glands, whatever's detoxing.

Could go on for a year.

Some people I see it.

I had one person had diarrhea for a year and four months, and he functions fine and he's big as Clay.

Here's a guy who has diarrhea and he can still put on the weight.

Most people with diarrhea, can't put on the weight, but he was really skinny when he started.

Now he over the diarrhea and it doesn't ever affect him.

[Kathy]   1 year and 4 months.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, 1 year and 4 months?

[Kathy]   He's not getting rid of this bacteria or something.

Flora, the bacteria?

[Aajonus]   Well, it isn't working as well?

He's not absorbing all the fluids is the system, but he still retains- I think drinks too much water, but people only listen so much.

But he's doing well, so I don't get on his case, anybody that does well with what they're doing, even when they're doing things that I suggest they don't do, as long as they're doing okay, I won't get on their case.

But if they call me about a problem, and I know it's hindered by what they're doing, then I'll say you've got to stop.

[Kathy]   Glen Ivy is also good because of the hot water.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, but you've got clay in that water.

[Kathy]   That could draw it out too.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, but you don't have the chemicals and poisons in that water, so you don't have to put the ingredients in the water.

[Kathy]   Yeah, I know.

I'm saying for people that took baths without putting it in to draw out the poisons.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, we're talking about city water.

[Kathy],[Aajonus]   I know that, but I'm saying if they did use city water-

It still wouldn't help as much; you need those ingredients in the water to help draw some of those out because they're already imbedded in your skin.

They get absorbed deep into the connective tissue.

[Kathy]   No, I'm saying it will draw out what you have.

[Aajonus]   No, it won't draw out everything.

That's why there are certain nutrients in that combination that can pull out a lot more than.

.

.

.

(4) Baths & Toxic Water
[2004],[Aajonus]

You have to move or turn over or something, but in the bath, I have certain things in the bath

You know, I've mentioned many times having the milk, the sea salt and the vinegar in the water allows the body to be slightly buoyant and when you're in there for that 40 minutes, the electrical system reverses, it doesn't send the charges to the brain, it starts sending them out through the skin into the water.

That's what takes away the pain.

So, I say to somebody who has systemic pain, or even a severe pain in particular spot like the back, the spine, get in a hot bath with those ingredients and spend an hour in there, and then you'll be free.

It's like, it's like a miracle.

[Attendee]   What if you're sensitive to chemicals in the water.

[Aajonus]   Like I said, if you put the milk in there?

You put two to three cups of milk in there, that neutralizes all the chemicals in the water.

[Attendee]   Without having a filter.

[Aajonus]   It's always good to have a filter because then some of those nutrients that you put in an bath will feed your body?

We have the 192 chemicals in our water in LA.

So, the shower for that.

If you have a three-filter system on the outside of your house, major ones, the most you can remove is 50% of the toxins.

If you have one of those little filters, you're going to remove is a third.

You have to let it sit in the bath water up to 7 to 10 minutes before you get in, but you can't mix it with water and then send it out the shower.

[Kathy]   Because once you put this stuff in the water, you can go right in.

[Aajonus]   No, you have to wait seven to 10 minutes?

[Attendee]   How much milk.

[Aajonus]   2-3 cups?

[Kathy]   Because it has to absorb.

[Aajonus]   It has to absorb those poisons in the water?

If i got into LA city water when I first did it, and that time there was only 158 chemicals in the water.

I moved here in 1966, and when I'd get into the city water here, and if I took a nap, in seven minutes I'd be just like this, literally shaking.

I couldn't stop.

My heart would pound, my blood pressure would rise and I'd just shake, Id tremble.

I couldn't hold anything.

It was that bad.

That's when I experimented putting different things in the water to neutralize those toxins and that was the best formula I could come up with and it works perfectly because I could spend 10 - 18 hours in the bathtub and sleep in it.

And I also discovered that if I let out about, you know, I had a tall foot tub during most of that time, which is pot metal.

So, metal holds heat much longer than plastic does.

So, I could go 1.

5 - 2 hours without waking freezing to death but I just let 3-4 inches out of the tub and then put scolding how water and keep it moving around until it got so hot, and I'd go back to sleep for another hour or two and I never had to put more ingredients in the water, the animal.

[Kathy],[Aajonus]   You have to wait 10 minutes before-

7 - 10 minutes.

[Kathy]   How long before you put the ingredients in, do you put it in right away.

.

[Aajonus]   It depends about how hot you have the water?

What I do is when I heat the tub up, so the tub doesn't cool down quickly, I put scolding hot water, so the first half of that water is nothing, but hot scalding water.

Let it sit for 10 minutes and it heats the entire tub.

Then I put lukewarm water in, and they get to a temperature that's just maybe a degree or two hotter than I like it, maybe 106-107 degrees.

When I get in, I like it to be 105 degrees and I put all the ingredients in when it hits about 105-107 and then I let it sit for seven to 10 minutes before I get in.

[Attendee]   How much salt.

[Aajonus]   Two tablespoons of sea salt?

[Attendee #2]   Nonfat milk.

[Aajonus]   Oh no, fatty milk?

You don't use skim milk, except to make cheese.

[Kathy]   So, you have to wait before you put the ingredients in because it's too hot for the milk.

[Aajonus]   If it's too hot you're gonna have to wait for it too cool down or you could put some cold water in to cool it?

[Kathy]   Otherwise, you could just put it in right away.

[Aajonus]   Yeah?

[Kathy]   It doesn't have to be raw milk.

[Aajonus]   Yes, it definitely does?

Because mostly what it's going to do is pull poisons and absorb poisons out of your cells.

.

(5) Cells Make Virus
[2004],[Attendee]

You said the virus creates itself with the DNA

[Aajonus]   No, cells make the soaps, cells make virus?

Virus are nothing other than soaps, solvents to dissolve certain kinds of tissue because your body can't use bacteria or parasites.

When the cell makes the protein body that becomes the solvent, the virus.

It puts a DNA in it so that the virus only addresses certain tissue.

If your body made a virus that would dissolve every cell in your body, because every cell is toxic because you've been on a cooked diet all of your life, you would be a mess.

You would die.

So, when the body makes a virus, it puts a DNA in there to restrict that virus's activity to dissolve only particular cells.

That's why when you get a virus like a flu, it's either intestinal or it's muscular or it's neurological, it's always a selective part of your body.

[Attendee #2]   So, you're saying the body actually makes the tapeworm.

[Aajonus]   Well, the tapeworms exist intercellularly, the body doesn't have to make them?

Every cell contains parasites and bacteria.

Every cell has every kind of bacteria and every kind of parasite that exists for animal tissue.

[Attendee]   So, it's like a tool that the body has whenever it needs to use it.

[Aajonus]   Correct?

[Attendee #2],[Aajonus]   So, people who are eating cooked food, just wondering why they aren't sick

Because they may be too toxic and if you're eating bad stuff like coffee and alcohol.

What that does is it creates a condition in the blood that prevents you from doing anything other than controlling the contaminations in the blood, neurological system, lymph and intestines.

Just from the contamination, which you're eating.

So, a lot of people aren't able to detoxify normally.

They'll go into their colds, they'll go into their flus, they'll have their aches and pains, and that's always a detoxification, whether it's thorough and correct and they can regenerate from it depends upon what they eat and on this diet, it's the only diet that will ensure that the detoxification you do is thorough and that it may not be all done at one time because of a particular area and that you will heal following the detoxification.

Fever is always as an indication that the detoxification is completed.

You could have had a detoxification existing for year and a half or two years in your body and all of a sudden, when the body says I got too much of the garbage accumulated, now it's time to dump.

It goes into a flu or a cold and you start dumping all this mucus, that's the poisons leaving the body in the mucus or in the ear wax or in the tear ducts.

Or though the tears or the mucus in the mouth or the salivary glands or perspiring, vaginal discharge, fecal discharge builds it into the hair and the nails, whatever the body can discharge it will.

Well, let's say that you had a vaccine, and the thimerosal went into that shoulder, goes into a detoxification.

You can better believe that you're going to suffer pain.

Most people will suffer pain because it takes about 1000 white cells to harness one molecule of mercury to keep it from causing damage or 2000 fat cells.

That's for one molecule of mercury.

That's why when you have puss come out of a pimple, you have 3 or 4 molecules of a toxin and all the rest are white cells, 100,00s of white cells.

And that's mainly what you're discharging is white cells in a very toxic environment.

[Attendee]   And does bacteria do the same.

[Aajonus]   No, bacteria consumes the substance and reduces into a small amount of what it consumed, so it reduces the waste that you have to eliminate?

But if you take, let's say a solvent, you're going to clean the floor, you diluted water and then when you finish, you've got this whole bucket of contaminated water.

That's what happens in the body because the virus doesn't consume it and reduce it.

The virus spreads it all around in a fluid.

That's why viruses are nasty, but if we weren't so poisoned, we'd be able to use virus in parasites.

[Think he meant bacteria and parasites]   Thank God my body was able to handle a parasite the first time.

When I saw that tapeworm come out, I thought wow! Finally, the poisons are out of my body, and I can actually breed some bacteria and parasites finally, and if I hadn't had that to help me do that detoxification, I probably would have created serious damage in my intestines.

So, it was very helpful.

Any more questions about that.

[Attendee #3]   You say the cells produce the virus, why do people say some virus are contagious?

[Aajonus]   Is tide Soap contagious because it's found in every household?

That's as simple as that?

People make money by you going for medical treatment for a virus, it's just a soap that your body makes, and it can't be contagious if it's a soap.

If it's manufactured in yourself.

I mean if I inject it into you, your body might say, okay, I can use that virus and I will replicate it and manufacturer utilize that.

What she's going through right now, she's not going to be contagious for us, the only things that are really contagious  .

(6) Chia Seeds To Help Regular Bowel Movements
[2004],[Aajonus]

Yeah

If you want to use a non-binder or something to help you move and become regular, you use chia seeds.

Chia seeds are very fine, they are the size of a poppy seed, about the size of a pinhead and they're round and they're not divided into a half like flax seed and a lot of the other seeds, they are a round like a poppy and completely integrated.

So when they open up, they have like a volcano top and they secrete this gelatin out the top and there's no sharp edge at any time ever and if you can take about, depending upon your size, 3 to 4 tablespoons of that, soak it in 6 - 8 ounces of good water for 24 hours, the seeds secrete a solution that turns the water into a jello, a gelatin.

And then you mix that stirred into a lubrication formula, and then you eat that at night then you have some good bowel movements.

.

(7) Cilantro 5% Metal Detox
[2004],[Aajonus]

Maybe you're having too much of it

I'm sure you need some parsley.

[Attendee]

I use cilantro.

[Aajonus]

Cilantro causes heavy metal detox, so don't use more than 5% or your juice.

Well, it creeps up on you and when it gets you.

It's not easy to get out of the metal detox.

It may sneak up on you and once it hits, I'm warning you.

If you're using 100 oz of juice, that means 5 oz would be cilantro.

.

(8) Cod Liver Oil
[2004]

Cod liver oil is completely solvent treated

The FDA requires it.

So all that from Norway they say is pure.

It's solvent treated because they have to purify it.

Even though it's not heated, they solvent purify and that solvent is almost identical to brake fluid.

.

(9) Cucumber Cools The Body
[2004]

Cucumber sometimes cools the body too much

You'd get cold too easily.

.

(10) Detox & Eggs
[2004],[Aajonus]

But it may be unrelated to the egg

[Attendee]

Well, but the egg could be helping it process out.

[Aajonus]

Well, the body will use the nutrients from the egg, yes, but it usually takes a while to get into the blood.

It has to go through the duodenum, the fat has to be digested.

It takes 45 minutes - 1 hour before it leaves the duodenum.

So, it doesn't happen instantly.

.

(11) Drinking Blood
[2004],[Attendee]

How about getting fresh blood

Does it detox or does it do what meat does?

[Aajonus]   No?

Your red blood cells just help red blood cells, they're full of the nutrients that red blood cells are concentrated in.

It's just another food.

I've eaten blood many times and I don't like it, cause it coagulates so quickly and to drink it instantly.

I've killed many chickens and ducks and stuff like that and it almost makes me nauseous drinking in that way.

But 3 years ago, I was in Hawaii, Pangaea and we had decided to do a celebration since I was there, and nobody had ever killed an animal and butchered it.

So I agreed to do it while I was there.

So, we had drummers.

We had about five vegetarians around the group and from the surrounding community and they just want to watch us.

So, there were about 15 of us all together and we took the goat and we put a harness around it and spun it around.

and I would chant to it as his eyes came to try and put it to sleep and the other guy would spin it around every time the back legs came to.

So, he just kept spinning the goat until he went to sleep and then we took the front harness off and just had the back harness and had them hanging, legs up and head down.

I cut his juggler vein and we had two gallons jars, half with goats' milk.

When we bled it, I cut the jugular vein and bled a half a gallon of blood into each gallon jar and mixed it with the milk and then it didn't coagulate.

It was great, and I watched everybody, even the vegetarians tried it.

It's like some people were even painted with blood like it's part of a ritual, some people get into that, and it doesn't hurt me, but I guess like a costume party and even the vegetarians accepted as we passed it around to drink some and you see everybody's face going, expecting this awful taste and then they got into their mouth, and you see their eyes brighten.

We drank the 2 gallons with 15 people in 45 minutes, gone.

[Attendee #2]   It just tastes like milk.

[Aajonus]   Tastes like ice cream?

The blood makes it so rich; it tastes like ice cream.

I mean, it's just so bizarre how it can taste so incredibly different than you'd expect.

[Attendee #2]   How did you feel.

[Aajonus]   Oh, I was charged for a couple of days, sexually, everything?

Everything was going.

.

(12) Enzyme Supplements
[2004]

So in your raw fresh foods you have enzymes that are all easily disassembled and reassorted, and what those enzyme supplements seem to do is kick ass on the pancreas

Keeps the pancreas from being able to work.

cause the pancreas has to deal with all the enzymes, so it isn't that it does it in a helpful way.

Causes more toxicity.

.

(13) Every Joint Hurts = No Fat Reserves
[2004],[Attendee]

Basically, what I'm dealing with is every joint in my body hurts

[Aajonus]   You're much too thin.

You have no reserved fats to help pull the poisons out, and that's how viruses work.

They make everything sore.

if you have toxins that are in the joints, and they're deteriorating tissue, and you have bacteria eating up the deteriorated tissue, yes.

If you have arthritis, you would be in severe pain.

You just need to use a lot of fat, especially butter, and no more than 50% red meat at a time with white meat and they should be eaten together.

.

(14) Fat From Carbs Is An Acetone With Little Strength
[2004]

The high carbs in terms of when you're making a fat from a carb is an acetone that has very poor strength to it, very little calories in it

A molecule of fat has 2.

5 calories.

Molecule of acetone made from a carb that has got 1.

So it has less than half the energy producing ability.

Previously, a lot of your athletes suck eggs.

Back when I was a kid, all the bodybuilders were throwing 5, 6, 8 eggs into a milkshake.

Everything else was pasteurized and cooked except for the fruit that they would put and the eggs, but they used to have protein powder, which was garbage.

.

(15) Flax Oil Will Harden & Vegetable Oils Are Rock
[2004],[Attendee]

Flax oil too

[Aajonus]   Flax oil, no?

But remember I've said that that vegetable oils turn into rock.

Here's a vegetable oil right here.

They sell them at Wild Oats, and you can buy a variety of them.

They are rock, animal fats never get that way.

Cause I only bathe once every five days is when people say I smell like cheese on like the 4th or 5th day.

No, I put it between my clothes.

So, it fragrances my clothes.

But the whole point here is that this is what vegetable fats become, rock.

That's what's causing all the hardening of the arteries and the heart.

[Attendee]   How do they make it.

[Aajonus]   No, they justt collect it?

You collect it and let it sit and in a year, you have rock.

[Attendee]   Does that include flax seed oil.

[Aajonus]   Yes, flax seed oil has the same nature, it just doesn't get as hard as quickly?

That's why I say in my book if you're using it for cancer, use a very small amount.

.

(16) Forced Detox & Fermented Foods
[2004],[Aajonus]

First, I'm going to talk to you about- my next book is on detoxification

So, I've been experimenting with detoxification because a lot of people all about being gung-ho and doing a lot.

I want to caution you on it because two months ago, I decided to do an intense detoxification to the limit.

What I do when I detoxify is pre-fermentations, bacteria's cause fermentation, bacteria's are in the foods before you cook them.

When you cook them, the bacteria is out.

All the bacteria, the enzymes, vitamins, everything is gone.

So, when you take those properties into your body, and when the body is finished utilizing them.

There is no natural ecological recycling, it hardens in the system, and it stays there waiting for some bacteria to help ferment it and detoxify it, like with a virus.

Especially if you're so poisoned, then you can't harbor a parasite or any bacteria?

Those are the easiest ways to detoxify.

When your body uses bacteria or parasites.

They consume up to 100 times their weight in a day, and then excrete very small amounts about 1% of what they digest.

So, it's a very small amount of toxin that we have to neutralize and secrete or excrete.

So, it's very easy for the body to handle it.

When the body has to make a fermentation and make a virus, because virus are not alive.

The whole idea of having a vaccine for viruses is the most absurd thing in the world.

It's like taking vaccine because you have tide soap in your house.

The cells make virus.

When they take virus out of a body and put it in a Petri dish, it'll breed a cell and you can keep cells growing.

There is no increase in virus.

It is whatever they put in there is all that exists.

However, when there's a cellular environment in that petri dish, then all of a sudden there are more of them.

They increase, that's because cells make them.

It's like how we used to make soaps for our bodies.

We used to take coconut and 90% of all soaps are made with coconut 100 years ago, 50 years ago.

So, when you make something from organic substances, you're going to have organic matter in it.

So, they say virus has DNA in it, sure the cell makes an agent to dissolve toxicity, it puts a DNA in it of the tissue that it wants the virus to dissolve.

So, that's how that's like putting a certain chemical, a certain agent in that solution, so that only addresses certain kinds of toxic cells.

Otherwise, you'd be disintegrating because you've got a lot of toxic cells in your body from eating cooked foods all of your life.

So, over the years, starting in 1976, I started fermenting the different foods that I consumed.

I consumed a lot of Rice Krispies, a lot of corn flakes with lots of sugar on it.

So I fermented all these foods over the years, but I've never let my milk go to a high alcohol state because I used to consume a half a gallon of milk a day and then when I got away from home at 16, I was drinking a gallon a day cause there was no restriction and I had a lot of milk, but it was always pasteurized unless I was on the farm and that was only for a few weeks a year, and then my grandmother got to boiling on the stove.

Anyway, probably the most consumed food that I had was the milk, the dairy.

So, I knew that that was going to be a hell of a detoxification when I did it.

So, what I did was I took a quart of milk, put it in a half gallon jar, put some maca in it, which is a substance, it's higher carbohydrate substance.

It was sun dried because it would cause a heck of a fermentation and it would give it that cereal variety, like tremendous amounts of cereal when I was a child with milk.

So, I know that those two would be connected well together.

So, I put them together and fermented it for a little over two weeks out of the refrigerator in a cupboard and the hottest time of the summer and when I popped the top off of it, it was so fermented that the alcohol burned my nos.

So, what did I do.

I had three cups in one day because everybody's talks about these gung-ho issues, you know, on the internet, you know, and all that?

S,o I wanted to see what would happen.

Well, I was in diarrhea every 20 minutes for 36 hours.

Diarrhea lasted about three weeks.

I lost 20 pounds in six days.

I am still having it, and what it did was- whenever your body has a tremendous amount of sugar in the system, and it's an overabundance and your body can afford to make a tapeworm, tapeworms, eat excessive sugars in the intestines.

So, I kept dumping all these sugars from all that toxic milk that I had, and it caused a detox, so I had all this tissue alcohol destroyed, sugar destroyed, and carbohydrates destroyed tissue from the milk.

So, it was the heaviest detox I've ever.

done and I got a tapeworm.

First time I've had a parasite in my life, it was great.

I just passed it out three days ago.

So, thank God it was there to help me detox because for about four weeks I was basically unable to work.

I started to travel, but I didn't want to.

I had to sleep like 10, 11 hours a day, which is unlike me because I sleep usually 4.

5 to 5.

So, if you want to do detoxification, do it in a mellow way cause I'm suffering right now.

I mean, you know, from all that radiation that I had, cauterized my spine, there was one part of my back that was in constant pain for years, about 15, 16 years and what I put on a lot of weight, and I hold the weight, there's very little pain.

Even if I have little sores or something, detoxification's going on, they are very mild.

The symptoms are mild.

However, this way the symptoms aren't mild.

I can go into a pain in the chest.

I mentioned the last time I was eight years old, first grade I swallowed a nickel and it got it stuck in my diaphragm and the esophagus right at the bronchial, and in those days, nickel was a third mercury.

So, the mercury was in there so long, cause I was autistic and I didn't know how to tell anybody that I had a nickel lodged in my esophagus.

So finally, I went to the principal Sister Virginia, and kept pointing I had something wrong, swallowed something, and it was caught here.

So, she got me some milk and I washed it down with milk and it went right down, but that sat there for about three hours.

Whenever you have anything going into the esophagus, your body secretes tremendous amount of hydrochloric acid.

So, it dissolved some of that nickel and that mercury went all into that area and that's part of what started giving me angina at age 15.

5, with all the other medical drugs.

Angina is heart attacks, and I used to have 4 to 7 a week.

So, all of a sudden, a few months ago, right before I did that heavy detox, I was dealing with that.

The pain would get so bad, and I couldn't move and the only thing that would resolve it.

I did everything.

Pain formula, the heat packs, everything.

I felt like I was going to die from a heart attack, but I knew it wasn't the heart, the pain was excruciating.

So, I started just moaning aloud, and every vibration cause I mom from here, uhhh, just kept going like this.

It was just vibrating, and within a minute the pain stopped.

So, now anytime it comes on, I sing or just moan like that, and it goes away.

Otherwise, it just gets worse and worse and worse until I can't even move, and it shoots back to that pain, right back into the center.

Again, this low weight that I have is a problem.

Now that the tapeworms gone, I'm starting to put on weight quicker.

And that also means that since the tapeworm left, the head came out, so I knew it was all over and all of its parts were in the feces.

A three-day period.

So, I know that it's over, it's finished that heavy milk detoxification.

My body is finished the major part of it.

So, I do feel better in many, many ways, but, you know, I just want to caution you if you're going to do anything, don't do anything over what I suggest when the detoxification book comes out, because you may suffer a lot more than I did.

So anyway, that's what I had to say.

[Attendee]   When's the book coming out.

[Aajonus]   It'll probably be next summer.

I was hoping it would come out last summer, but with all these detoxifications and my injuries, two severe accidents, you know, hasn't been easy.

.

(17) Fungus Is From Anti Biotics Penicillin
[2004],[Aajonus]

99% of the time when I did skin scrapings on people who had fungus in their hands, it was antibiotic related

I always found tetracycline, mostly penicillin.

Just discard, because that's a mold and penicillin is a mold because antibiotics are molds.

So, then the body produces its own molds to help break those down to eliminate them.

[Attendee]   I noticed it after I had a manicure.

[Aajonus]   Well, it could because that chemical that they use.

In fact, three of their chemicals are pretty potent and they can cause a lot of tissue damage underneath, even to the bone and molds can work on that too.

[Attendee]   Is that related to the penicillin.

[Aajonus]   No, that would be the 1% that people are having it from cosmetic stuff?

I've also seen mechanics.

I don't get that many mechanics, but i've have maybe five mechanics in 30 years, and when I did scraping on the hands with their mold, it was all solvent related.

In fact, we found the compounds of brake fluid were the worst.

.

(18) Ground Flax Seeds Destroy Stoamch
[2004],[Attendee]

What about putting flax seed on top of it

[Aajonus]

That will tear your intestines up , it'll act like glass.

[Kathy]

Flax seed in what.

[Aajonus]

Coffee grinder?

You're also going to have phytic acid, it's going to prevent you from digesting.

.

(19) Inhaling Fiberglass
[2004],[Attendee]

If you inhale fiberglass

.

.

[Aajonus]   That's a terrible toxin.

[Attendee]   How do you handle that.

[Aajonus]   Not easily, because you have to understand, it's put together with a resin?

Well, formaldehyde is just one of the agents in it that they use.

There's a epoxy in it, because it's a plastic basically.

It's a plastic and you got phthalates, you got all kinds of toxins, and can you imagine eating plastic, that starts melting in your tissues.

It's worse than cancer?

.

(20) Lance Armstrong Cancer
[2004],[Attendee],[Aajonus]

How do you explain Lance Armstrong because he had major cancer in his brain and other parts of his body, and he underwent chemotherapy-

He was one of those bodies that just was able to turn it all around and be good at it

[Attendee]   You don't really know the details about it.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, I read some about it, but it all had to do with his body not what he did?

Of course, they love to flaunt him out.

You know, he's the only person like that in the world, and you don't make only one person out in the world who reacts that way.

You don't want to try to be like him because there's only one in 4.

5 billion people.

That's not the kind of guy you want to emulate.

[Attendee]   But they advertised him.

[Aajonus]   Oh, they push him, oh yeah! Cause then the medical profession takes credit.

This is the way they do it.

He's the only one that survived that kind of severe treatment.

.

(21) Last Time Aajonus Received Chemo
[2004],[Aajonus]

1968 was the last time I had any drugs

Last time I had the.

.

.

my throat started closing off.

I got a terrible sore throat in about 1972 and it came to the point I resisted it, but I was a fruitarian.

So, I wasn't eating the fat or the fruits that I needed to repair.

So, I just got to a point where I couldn't breathe, so the neighbor called a doctor, a friend of mine and he came over and gave me a shot of penicillin, allergic to penicillin, but it's at least it opened my throat, you know.

So, I had terrible reactions for months, but I didn't die because my throat was shut down nor did I ever have to have a trachea.

So, but I didn't know a good diet.

[Attendee]

So, approximately 1970.

[Aajonus]

1972 was the last time I took any kind of medication?

[Attendee]

So, from that point forward, whatever you've done lately- your diet is getting better, but it's still taking 30 years and more to process that toxicity.

.

.

.

(22) Lots Of Eggs &Butter & Honey Before Surgery
[2004],[Aajonus]

You better suck a lot of eggs

What I suggest for surgeries in the first book, eating eggs, at least 6 to 8 a day, 9 a day, 10 a day, 12 a day for nine days before the surgery, and then that after the surgery, lots and lots of eggs and honey and butter.

[Attendee]

Bee pollen.

[Aajonus]

Bee pollen can be helpful, but you're going to need that more after?

.

(23) Milk In Plastic
[2004],[Attendee]

I currently have milk in a plastic jar, is that a problem

[Aajonus]   Yes, it does, and he'll claim that it doesn't, but I can taste the difference?

They make the jar, the plastic container.

It has a film on it that to keep it from sticking in the pressing, and maybe just a tiny bit, but he gets into the milk.

It doesn't damage you or harm you, it just takes up some of the fat in the milk, so it doesn't get utilized and it changes the taste.

I don't leave anything in plastic because I take my milk and cream out of the refrigerator and let them sit for a couple of days and there's a high bacteria.

I'm not going to sit it sit in plastic.

As long as it's refrigerated it's not going to be big deal, but I tell everybody not to get any milk that's refrigerated cold.

[Kathy]   The cream that they delivered on Tuesday.

.

.

[Aajonus]   You mean the cream.

As long as it's been refrigerated it's going to be okay?

[Kathy]   You can still get it from James in a glass bottle.

.

(24) Mold & Viruses Form On Their Own In Sterile Environment
[2004],[Aajonus]

I give several remedies in the book, like coat your foot with honey and wrap it overnight and that will smother it

Doesn't kill it or stop it.

You don't want to kill it and stop it.

There's no way you can, because it's part- just like you have bacteria, parasite, eggs in every cell.

You also have molds, it's part of nature.

That's why when you let a fruit sit, you don't have to expose that fruit to a mold.

It molds on its own.

You can put it in a hermetically sealed environment, and that will mold.

When I took a lamb and we butchered it in the laboratory, everything was completely sterilized, and we had one area where there it was glass encased, medically sealed, no bacteria can get involved in it.

[plants] to produce oxygen to get over into that area with two HEPA filters.

So, it had to pass through, and they kept it at the sheep's body temperature, which was about 96 degrees, 96.

7 96.

8, and within three days, parasites developed.

Where did the parasites come from.

It's a natural part of every animal cell?

It's like any fruit molds, it's a natural part of fruit.

, you know, fruit.

One time I let fruit sit in a hermetically sealed environment like that for 20 days, flies appeared.

Where the frick were the flies coming from.

There were worms in the fruit cells that allowed it to come out and work on it, and those are called fruit flies?

Well, it's toxicity stored in his moles.

Detoxification, absolutely, and you can mitigate it by using the primal facial body care cream.

You know, when I had it, I had it all the time as I was a child and it wasn't till, I went on a raw diet, started eating raw diet that it went away.

Well, last year, it came back for the first time and only in the foot where I had a bad bicycle accident in 1981, I broke seven bones in the foot.

I was on a bicycle in the desert, and somebody had left there a sprinkler on all night, so it created a Moss, really slippery algae in the gutter, and I was going close to the gutter.

Wheels just slid out from under me, and my toes caught on the curb and ripped.

This one was ripped out to here, so it was ripped all the way down to here.

This one was ripped to here and this was ripped to here and this one was just barely torn, but I'd broken two bones here and in four bones here and then one over here, and it was pretty painful.

Those were the only areas where the mole.

All I did was I packed mud in it, clay.

Stopped the bleeding.

I had a little 14-year-old girl who'd love to go around and cracking people's knuckles, put my toes back in place.

So that's how I had them adjusted.

[Kathy]   What kind of clay did you use.

[Aajonus]   I just pulled out what was in the ground?

What was it.

[Attendee]   What was the significance of getting?

.

.

[Aajonus]   A lot of the dead tissue remained in there and sealed over and probably dirt and a lot of other things that- I should have used clay or something, but I was out in the wild.

What was I going to do.

So, I used what was available, and it was after I'd been out living outdoors for a long time, so I didn't have a clean clay or anything else, and I didn't take time to clean off the torn tissue or maybe move it back into place, I just packed it and put a soft coat?

That's new, this toe three years was stuck out here.

Then when I went through the athlete's foot.

This one is still a little bent out.

You see that they're ben out slightly, but before I went through that athlete's foot for a year, this toe was out here and all of a sudden that mold, that fungus went in there and cleaned out the tissues, and now it's right.

The only place that's still itching is here.

So, I'm hoping that after another year that will be aligned properly too, and the athletes would be helpful to do that.

[Kathy]   You didn't have a cast on it.

[Aajonus]   No, no?

Like I went walking, I went to see Caddyshack that I was in so much pain and headache.

So, I walked to Caddyshack, which was about five miles the next day, I bicycled as well.

You have to get over the pain by doing something, but you don't take drugs, you got to distract yourself.

.

(25) MSM & Sulphur
[2004],[Attendee]

What about MSM

[Aajonus]   MSM is a chemical?

[Attendee]   With the Sulphur.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, what does Sulphur do in the body?

It dries it out, that's why MSM works, it destroys nerve tissues, so you lose the symptoms?

Not because you're curing anything because you're drying out the nerves and they no longer have impulse.

Yeah, that's a chemical way to do it, but still, that remember the no enzymes are active, unless the pancreas realigns them.

So, in your raw fresh food, we have enzymes that are all easily disassembled and reassorted.

So, what those enzyme supplements seem to do is kick ass on the pancreas to make it work cause the pancreas has to deal with all the enzymes.

So, it isn't that it does it in a helpful way.

Causes more toxicity.

.

(26) Nitric Oxide
[2004],[Attendee]

They don't use nitric oxide anymore

I remember when I was a child I had a tooth pulled out?

[Aajonus]

Nitric oxide, so many people had heart attacks with it that they're afraid to us it.

Some people go into comas from it, so it's more dangerous for the anesthesiologist and the other doctors involved.

So they don't like to use it.

.

(27) Non Natural Clothing & Break Down Polymers
[2004],[Aajonus]

You have so much cancer

The cancer's going to grow from incredibly because people are wearing synthetic clothing.

Plastic clothing, and when you wear polyester, any of those that aren't silk or wool or cotton, you're in trouble.

Even if you have flax, or hemp.

It's a problem because you've got all these resins from the vegetable oils, you're breathing those in and they are going to turn to rock if they embed in your lungs or in your sinuses somewhere.

Any of those are plastic and you're going to have to have a pretty severe virus solvent to break it down and what happens with all that toxicity, where does it disperse.

Everywhere in your system?

Bacteria and parasites can't eat it.

It's not on their diet, you will kill them instantly.

So, the amount of cancer that we're going to have in like 2015, 2017 is going to be astronomical because people have synthetic carpeting and synthetic bedsheets, bed covers and clothing, everything in the household is toxic and they're breathing this lint.

I mean, let the sunshine through and see how much lent is traveling around if you're taking a walk through your house on time.

That lint, if it comes from your carpet or your couch or your clothes, that's how much you breathe in, in a day.

Tremendous amount.

[Attendee]   Is there anything to help break it down.

[Aajonus]   That's a pretty difficult one?

To experiment with that I would have done some pretty severe damage with animals, and I wouldn't do it, but I would suggest is probably using some olive oil to help break it down, but no more than two tablespoons a day with a meat meal, but you've got to have butter and or cream with it.

.

(28) Novacane
[2004]   Novocain is a pretty toxic drug

There's somebody in here that were having facial rashes.

When I did some skin scrapings on some people that were having very constant facial rashes, there was Novocain compounds in that tissue.

A lot of people who have abscesses in their teeth, predominantly Novocain discharge.

About 50% of the time, it was just a deteriorated nerve cells in and around the tooth that may have been caused by mercury filling cause there was mercury and a small amount of other heavy metals that were in the silver fluent, the amalgams.

And the new one they have procaine or something like that.

It's worse, I found more molecules in that than I found in Novocain.

They say it's better, better for whom.

The pharmaceutical company can just say anything they want just to sell a product?

.

(29) Old Athletes Don't Look Well From Poor Diet
[2004],[Attendee]

Uh, yeah, I kind of made an observation recently

I don't know, but just sort of like a partial observation.

I don't know if you've observed the same thing, particularly like among older athletes, not younger athletes.

I've noticed that guys that like run a lot or bicycle.

They don't look so good.

Like they look like they look kind of gaunt and lean.

Whereas, you know, like I saw a picture of Sylvester Stallone.

He's like 56 and he works out with weight.

[Aajonus]   He is healthier.

He eats raw eggs and raw chicken.

He won't advertise it.

Right before Rocky came out.

He and his wife used to shop in the health food store I worked at and I substituted for a friend of mine who had to go on vacation for a heart surgery, so he was out for a couple of months.

So, I worked there and Sash his wife came in, and we talked about what he ate and he was eating lots of raw eggs and chicken, lots of raw chicken.

[Attendee]   But I just noticed guys who are like muscle builders or weightlifters, to see pictures and they do look better than runners.

[Aajonus]   Your runners and your bicyclers believe they have to be really lean.

So, they have no fat and got no lubrication, and their bodies are drying out inside, sort of becoming cirrhotic, multiple sclerosis.

[Attendee]   Whereas your weightlifters.

They actually trying to put on weight.

[Aajonus]   Weightlifters have to be fat.

Bodybuilders aren't fat, they're lean and cut tissue.

They still have fat in the tissue, but your weightlifters, you can see they're all fat.

You don't see one lean weightlifter; you've got to have fat to do it.

[Attendee]   So, basically the difference is not the type of exercise.

It's just the diet.

[Aajonus]   It's the diet, you know, those bicyclers.

I've had a few of them and runners, "Oh I have to eat high carbs.

"  .

(30) Olive Oil Is Fruit Oil, Won't Harden
[2004],[Lewis]

Where does olive oil fit into this picture

[Aajonus]

Olive oil is a fruit oil?

It's a good solvent and it will not harden.

.

(31) Omega - Don't Worry About It
[2004],[Attendee]

What about the omega-3, 6, and 9's

[Aajonus]

We just talked about that?

You have concentrations of nutrients needed, but you need every nutrient, not just 3 and 6, and in a certain ratio.

You know, they come up with these wild theories because they want to be published, but nobody's done long tests to prove anything.

[unclear] , oils are heated beyond what they should be.

.

(32) Only Things That Are Contagious Are Skin Bound
[2004],[Aajonus]

The only things that are really contagious are things that live on the skin or the tissue that the tissue is feeding on

Like yeasts.

If I had sex with a girl that had yeasts, and I have lots of cellular toxicity that is sugar bound, I'm going to have a yeast there eating it helping me detoxify.

Crabs are contagious.

They live on the skin.

Anything- salmonella is contagious that lives on the skin, not internal salmonella.

There are 2300 varieties of salmonella and most of them internally, but the way we used to shower in the old days, when we didn't take baths every day, we had all these little salmonella that went around eating up all the dead cells on the body, and there are about a hundred varieties that do that.

So, when your pet lizard, your dog or cat has salmonella running around on it, that's the way nature always functions.

Doesn't go around bathing, all these little creatures go around and taking care of them.

It's a symbiotic relationship, to eat up the dead cells on the skin.

[Attendee]   Don't you have to get the tapeworms some way, from something you eat or.

[Aajonus]   What did I just say, I said that each cell contains all of the eggs for any worm, any parasite that existed that eats on human flesh?

Plus, every bacteria, it's a natural innate part in a part of every cell.

.

(33) Organic Pastures Feeds Cows Bad
[2004],[Aajonus]

That's why I don't like Mark feeding his cows this crappy garbage, like rice bran cause he's trying to save a buck

He blames it on bacteria.

That's such bullshit.

I hate when people like that think that everybody is stupid.

We owned a dairy.

My grandparents owned a dairy, the bacteria, the sky high.

Never had sour milk, unless the cows were out, and we've missed a couple of patches of thistle and they eat that thistle and that cream will sour the next day, but it wasn't sour every day.

It's what you feed the cow.

[Attendee]   So, he's not just feeding them organic pasture.

[Aajonus]   No, he'll feed them organic rice bran, and he did this last year and we told them, don't do that?

It's got gibberellic acid in it and it can we turn the milk bitter, but he gets cheap.

Well, he just stopped it again last week.

So, we had to get cream last week cause he started losing money and the only way we can to hurt him is to stop buying his cream.

[Kathy]   So, just throw out the cream we got from him.

[Aajonus]   Well, I wasn't able to eat it?

I just mixed it with water and put it in my compost.

[Attendee]   Not buying it.

.

.

that's the best feedback.

[Aajonus]   That's the best feedback, you heard his pocket, that he changes what he does?

So we had to do it twice that way.

James rejected his cream for four weeks.

He said it was some bacteria.

Let me tel, when my grandparents produced milk, some of that milk was 10,000 parts bacteria per gram.

We had an intense amount of bacteria, nobody ever got sick.

Such garbage.

[Attendee #2]   When I started this diet, and I started drinking the milk I was getting a lot of gas problems.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Well, not only that, milk pulls a lot of chemicals out in body like eggs, and when those chemicals come in and mix with your digestive juices, it causes gas.

[Attendee #2]   What happened was, like a week after I had the milk, I had two bottles, one was in the fridge for a while.

It got actually pretty sour, but when I drank that, after that I've been perfect.

No more gas, no matter what, whatever it is, whether the milk fresh or a little bit sour, no more gas.

[Attendee #3]   Organic pastures.

.

.

[Aajonus]   Well, I wasn't able to eat it because I'm so light right now and I'm still going through a detox.

I couldn't eat it.

It was causing me headaches, so I couldn't eat his cream.

[Kathy]   So, what do you do with it.

Just throw it out?

[Aajonus]   What did I tell you?

Mixed mine with water and put it in the compost?

You can do whatever you want to do with it.

[Kathy]   When they have the plastic cream bottles, are you allowed to buy those.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, just take it out of the plastic when you get home?

.

(34) Pain Formula & Bee Pollen
[2004]

Sometimes the lubrication formula works within 20 minutes

That's because when you put the bee pollen in it, the bee pollen is a very finite protein and the bees, when they collected it, they put their saliva on it.

So, it's predigested, broken down the shells, like a nut has a hard shell on it, it's why you can't dry it.

Cause once it's dry, the shell is hard and it's like eating a walnut.

There's no way you can break that shell down and digest it, but when it's moist, then your body can utilize that protein instantly, also egg whites.

That's why I use so much egg in the diet because t the egg white is all easily absorbed and digested protein, instantly.

That's why I worked for that women with emphysema who supposed to die on the weekend.

She ate 66 eggs, and she was out of bed off the oxygen for the first time in two years.

.

(35) Pain Is Swelling
[2004]

Just remember any pain is swelling

Pressure on the nerves.

How do you relieve the pressure.

You have everything around relaxed, so it can expand without ripping, without the pressure?

So, applying hot water bottle or getting to a bath is going to do that.

.

(36) Pasteurized Dairy Bronchitis
[2004],[Attendee]

But I've always thought that usually people that have a lot of bronchitis and stuff, that's coming from pasteurized dairy, I would've never thought it came from cooked fruits and veggies

[Aajonus]

Well, if you look at all of studies and the laboratory tests that they've done with milk and pasteurized milk, it's never created bronchitis, it's never one of the symptoms.

They say creates diabetes, osteoporosis, and diseases like that, it has never been attributed to bronchitis.

I mean it's a myth now, a lot of alternative people make that claim, but it's come from no research.

It's just, they're hypothesizing.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

A lot of people experience is they eat pasteurized dairy, they start to get a lot of mucus, and they get a cold

Yes, because the body's trying to discharge the poisonous of the mucus, and it's discharging out the mucus.

That's not a problem.

They're getting rid of it.

[Attendee],[Aajonus]

So, what you're saying is pasteurized dairy causes a lot of mucus, but it doesn't cause the poisons in the mucus-

If the mucus is taking the poisons out it's not going to cause a bronchitis.

Well, it means that their body's discharging it quicker, so the body's trying to protect itself.

[Kathy]

So, if you were having a cough, you're releasing all the poisons from the pasteurized milk.

[Aajonus]

Correct, as much as possible.

[Kathy]

The longer it lasts the more you release.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, depending upon how you break it down in the system?

[Attendee]

Is there any way to describe the experiment that Owanza did where she developed that information about the different colored fruit.

[Aajonus]

Well, what she did was she asked the laboratory technician to see if there was a fat residue that was connected in certain tissue.

So, what he had to do was use certain kinds of enzymes, which are solvents to dissolve the tissue and then separate it, so he could study it.

How exactly and what he used and all that.

I didn't take notice of.

When he said these were the results, and when you looked into those results, then you can see that in this kind of condition, there were a lot of the resins from the red foods, resins from the yellow foods in these different conditions.

And that was how it was resolved and concluded.

.

(37) Radiations Kills Bacteria&Parasites
[2004],[Attendee]

You said that the chemotherapy and radiation prevented your body from allowing bacteria to exist

How long approximately does the body prevent bacteria from existing after a relatively large dose of antibiotics.

[Aajonus]   It can last for 50- it can last all your life if you don't eat properly?

If you can't clean those poisons out, anytime a bacteria or a parasite goes in there to eat, it's going to be killed after a few meals.

Few days, it's gone, no help.

So, your body has to make a solvent, which all that toxicity is dispersed all throughout your fluids in your body, and so you get sore all over.

If you're getting sore all over, viruses working.

.

(38) Resin Is A Vegetable Oil
[2004]

Resin is a fat from a tree, that's a pinyon tree, but that's a vegetable oil as well

All vegetable oils are resins.

.

(39) Saunas & Steambaths
[2004],[Aajonus]

People say, well, I can do that in a sauna or steam bath when you're doing a sauna or steam bath, those toxic substances stay in the tissue a lot of times

So, a third of them may penetrate your skin and maybe be reabsorbed or damage your skin.

So, if you're doing a sauna, you have to get out of every three minutes to rinse off.

Can't stay in there long time cause they're going to cause some damage.

Sure, you're going to secrete a lot of stuff, but one third of that may cause more damage as well.

That's why I like baths, it's discharged into the water, right into the water.

It doesn't stay on your skin and those ingredients are in the water.

It just draws it out.

[Kathy]

What happens if you went in the water without waiting 7 to 10 minutes.

[Aajonus]

Then you're going to have some of that garbage in the water absorbed into your body, into your skin?

[Attendee]

Would you recommend that kind of tub you talked about with the metal.

[Aajonus]

Yes?

Well, it's good in that.

It's still, you know, it's more electrical, so it'll stay hot longer, and for me that was necessary.

Plastic, it may gas a little bit, uh, but it doesn't have the electrical field turns on.

Depends on what you handle better.

Can you handle the radio waves that metal draws to it, or do you handle the gases from the phthalates from the bath.

The ingredients in the bath is going to handle the phthalates better than your body's going to handle the electromagnetic energy that's absorbed.

Then the water may absorb that too.

So either.

.

(40) Should You Force Detox On Diet
[2004],[Attendee]

Let the body timing unfold, different things happen at different times, but just eating the diet consistently will be the best thing

I don't need to go something specific, have this combination.

[Aajonus],[Attendee]

If you have a certain ailment, I will help you to have things that I've suggested that for those-

For those things, but I'm saying in general, the diet is going to allow the body time to cleanse whatever it is needs?

For example, first three days, I had major metal taste in my mouth.

[Aajonus]

It doesn't matter if your on the diet or not because people who are not doing the diet have that same experience.

However, I found that people who are not on this diet detoxify anywhere from 18 to 20% of the population is in a detoxification.

On this diet it's only 8-12%.

Taking all the of population out there and their detoxification 18 to 20% of the time, people on the diet are only in detoxification over the whole majority, 8 to 12% of the time.

[Attendee]

They're detoxing less because the toxins move quicker.

[Aajonus]

Because they're not dealing with all the toxicity that they're eating constantly?

[Attendee]

Well, we're still in a period of time where we're rebuilding their bodies.

[Aajonus]

40 years.

So, it's about half of theirs, but that's because we're not poisoning ourselves with those toxins, and there are 30 toxins that we've identified I stated in the recipe book in the back pages.

Those are only the ones we've identified.

Your body has to deal with that much toxicity.

[Attendee]

I don't want to hurt myself or do something special.

[Aajonus]

Yeah, don't do anything.

That's what I'd suggest.

For those people who are antsy and want to push it, I'm going to suggest how to detoxify the body and cause detoxification, but like I said to everybody here, don't push it.

Tablespoon, an ounce.

Two tablespoons a day if you're going to do it?

Don't do three cups a day, kick your butt.

I have no ass, you know me I had a big ass all my life, all of it away in like two weeks.

My whole butt was gone.

Course that's where I got a lot of injections.

So, I'm sure I had a big butt because most of it was toxic, but I still liked that butt because the girls liked it.

Now I don't have it anymore .

(41) Skin Cancer &Eye Healing
(42) Soak Clay For 5 Days
[2004],[Aajonus]

That's why I say you have to soak your clay for five days before you eat it

[Attendee]

Even when you put it in the juice.

[Aajonus]

Well, when you put it in the juice you have to soak it before hand, you want the molds and all of that to be active?

If it isn't it's going to be a little sharp on your intestines.

[Attendee]

It's okay in mineral water.

[Aajonus]

But you want to shake the carbon out of it?

Cause there are bacteria's in the clay that will start becoming very active after a few days in the water, you don't want them to destroy them.

Carbon will destroy them.

[Attendee]

What's the ratio of water to clay.

[Aajonus]

Just make it a paste?

Like you do for plaster repairs before its dries.

.

(43) Sour Butter Irritable & Tired
[2004],[Attendee]

Um, I noticed when I used the cream or butter that's kind of too sour, that it makes me really kind of irritable, I'll get tired circles in my eyes

What does it do.

[Aajonus]

Well, you're already having the bacteria, the bulgaricus is already breaking down the fats, predigesting them, and when you have predigested fats like that, you can do a lot of detoxification?

[bacteria] , and acidophilus.

It won't concentrate on one particular kind of toxicity.

But once the bulgaricus is the major bacteria that's breaking down the fats, and that's an excessive amount of a particular type of solvent that can be utilized, and the body has a tendency sometimes when it's like that, not to utilize it to build the body, but to make solvents to dissolve toxicity.

.

(44) Soy, Flax, & Seeds Oils Harden
(45) Stroke & High Blood Pressure Fish & Chicken
[2004],[Attendee],[unclear]

Do you know the actress from , well her husband just had a major stroke

She's a friend of mine.

I was recommended hyperbaric oxygen chambers.

Are you familiar with those.

I've heard that they reverse a lot of the damage of stroke?

Is there anything else besides the hyperbolic chambers.

[Aajonus]   Those hyperbolic chambers only work in very rare cases, and it doesn't have anything to do with the chamber?

It's just you've got that certain amount of people that reverse that condition.

[Attendee #2]   Doesn't it bring oxygen into the system.

[Aajonus]   Your oxygen isn't what causes nerve damage?

It's got nothing to do with it.

Oxygen just means that you transmit and relay certain kinds of information in and out of the nervous system, because the oxygen just doesn't get into the muscles.

You don't have the ability to utilize fat as energy, whether the fat was from an acetone or a regular fat.

[Attendee]   He has high blood pressure too.

[Aajonus]   So, anybody who has high blood pressure, just remember anybody, who's got a body functioning in a certain way, that body's functioning because it needs to.

High blood pressure is very important for anybody who's got collapsing intestines.

They need that high blood pressure to keep the veins and arteries up, otherwise they'll collapse.

So, you got all these doctors giving them things that their body is trying to correct, and they just get worse and worse and worse.

Everybody that has that condition is dead within seven years.

No matter what age they are.

It's ridiculous.

The only thing that will help that reverse that stroke damage is eating chicken and fish together with some butter and cream.

.

(46) Sylvester Stallone Eats Ra WChicken
(47) Tapeworms Live On High Sugar Diet
[2004],[Aajonus]

What did I just say

I said that each cell contains all of the eggs for any worm, any parasite that existed that eats on human flesh?

Plus, every bacteria, it's a natural innate part of every cell.

Now, when you take a tapeworm of a person who's eating just cooked and mainly old people who have tapeworms, it lives on a high sugar environment.

So, when we send just sugar cereals over and grains for these third world children to eat, they all get tapeworms because that's all they're eating, and our bodies are not meant to eat that, our bodies are meant to eat animal foods and all that excessive sugar going through the system poisoning you, they get these bloated stomachs.

They need the tapeworm to help them from having all that advanced glycation end product and acrylamide toxicity.

Without that tapeworm, they'd all die very quickly, probably within a year, but they can live with that tapeworm for 27 years in their body if that's the major part of what they eat is that sugar or called high-carbohydrate food.

I've seen pictures of tapeworms from animals, humans that eat and other animals that eat only cooked foods, and when it shrivels and shrinks, it turns into either like a hard rice, or it turns into a shrunken flattened piece of corn.

However, I saved a bit of a tapeworm to see what had happened for me, and the thing shriveled up into a thread and disappeared into an egg.

That's what it does in the body.

That egg exists in every cell in the body and when your body needs it, and it only exists in the intestines, you will discharge that egg and that egg will hatch.

[Kathy]   Does your body do that every time.

[Aajonus]   If your body has the ingenuity to utilize and do it, it will, but most people don't?

I haven't I've been too toxic.

I had medications all the time, all kinds of medications, and then the chemo and radiation.

So, if any bacteria or parasite tried to help me, they would be poisoned to death.

So, none could thrive in my body.

So, I've went through all these years of no parasites, no bacteria in my body, and I was sick all the time.

[Kathy]   But now you're getting rid of the radiation from the chemotherapy.

[Aajonus]   Right.

So, now finally I got to the point where I can breed a parasite, which is wonderful, and in my book, in the recipe book, I talked about Joel Weinstock.

The gastroenterologist at the university of Iowa, he had these long-term patients that suffered anywhere from 10 to 30 years with inflammatory bowel syndrome.

I gave a lecture about 20 years ago, Yale, and he was a part of that, and I was talking about how they are beneficial, and if we had them, we would have half the symptoms or none because they would be helping us discharge all the poisons.

So, about 10 or 12 years ago, 11 years ago, he took the whip worm from a pig and got the eggs from it and then put it in Gatorade and gave it to six people that suffered incurable, inflammatory bowel syndrome.

Five of the six completely lost all symptoms, just like that.

We're talking five days, all their symptoms, and this is a painful thing because every time you eat anything, you have instant diarrhea and pain is always painful, and if it goes into Crohn's, you have the poisons get into the joints, and cause joints to swell guys like rheumatoid arthritic condition.

It is very, very painful, and these people suffered the most.

These six people here were his worst clients.

five of them, out of the 6 completely resolved.

They were back about five months later, knocking on the door for more because what was their body.

Their body was so contaminated?

They couldn't keep breeding because it was poisoning the parasites.

So, they had to go back for more of them.

I tried to spike bacteria and parasites in people and animals, but was unable to do it, but I never thought of putting it in an alkaline substance like Gatorade.

I could've put it in vegetable use, but I thought you don't put an animal product in a vegetable juice, but if I had done that it might have worked.

I don't have a laboratory anymore, so I can't do the experiment, but that probably work because if you put it an acid solution or even water, the hydrochloric acid will dissolve the eggs and all that.

.

(48) Teeth Surgery &Novacane
[2004],[Attendee]

Is there anything that I should eat like meatball and an egg before and after

[Aajonus]

It depends, are you going to let them give you Novocain.

[Attendee]

I don't know?

I should dig a little deeper.

[Aajonus]

I had 16 teeth drilled in 1978.

4 hours one morning, four hours the next morning with no Novocain.

What happens is the pain comes from when the bit gets hot.

So, I had a signal, every time that bit started getting warm.

I tapped the dentist's elbow and he'd stop until that bit cooled down or he'd stick it in water and cool it.

[Attendee]

I don't think I'm that brave.

.

(49) Throats Lungs & Sinus Detox
[2004],[Aajonus]

When the throat, lungs and sinuses detox, it's always this part of the body

[Kathy]

The brain.

[Aajonus]

Anywhere from the throat all the way up to the top of the head?

[Attendee]

You're referring to the brain.

[Aajonus]

Brain, eyeballs, sinuses, thyroid, parathyroid, lymph glands?

Whatever's detoxing.

.

(50) Too Much Red Meat Over Acidic For Arthritis
[2004],[Aajonus]

For some reasons red meat has a tendency to cause over acid condition with people with arthritis

Any kind of joint pain that's not associated with the bacteria doesn't seem to be affected.

You've got the virus in the joints we do seem to need more red meat to do the healing.

Why that is.

I don't know?

That's an experimentation.

I don't create the rules, I just study them.

[Kathy]   The more you cough, you can't have any red meat.

[Aajonus]   And also, the pain formula, and the honey/butter formula help?

[Kathy]   For the cough as long as it lasts you don't eat any red meat.

Well, you said you're taking the cough as you would a cold or a flu?

So, you're not supposed to eat red meat.

[Aajonus]   I did say you're not supposed to be eating red meat, I just said there's a time you should eat mostly white meat?

That doesn't mean it lasts for six months.

A cold normally lasts three to five days and the flu lasts from a day to 14 days.

That's when you want to concentrate on that, but if you've got a chronic cough, that has nothing to do with a cold or a flu.

[Kathy]   So, I could eat red meat after two days.

[Aajonus]   Yes?

.

(51) Travelling
[2004],[Aajonus]

So, what I always do is I know that I can't get butter in most places

If I'm going to France I can get dairy anywhere, in any regular grocery store.

I was travelling there in 1973 when I had a girlfriend.

So, I would stay in Paris like three months a year, a month at a time, and I was on their case because I could get raw milk at the outdoor markets, like they have a farmer's market right there in Paris right in the streets.

Different parks and different locations, so I'd get all the raw milk, raw cream, and raw butter right there, and there was a company that was producing it and had it there on the market, but no health food store was carrying it.

It barely had to go 50 miles up here to get the dairy.

But I got on their case and now they're carrying it everywhere, even the supermarkets are carrying it, and I haven't been to Paris in 3 years.

But in other states I've got connections everywhere.

So, in the states I can get anything I want anywhere.

You just have to have it sent to you in Texas.

I don't know.

Excess farmers in Texas, but I've met farmers in probably 25 states where I can get product, but in the other 25 states, it has to be sent there, but my clients already get it sent to them, so when I go there, they provide it for me.

I just tell them what they want ahead of time.

But I have clients who travel like that.

They just have it sent to where they're going.

So, it's waiting for them when they get there.

People who have farms they'll send it.

When I go to a foreign country, I always take a half a pound of butter for every day that I'm going to be there.

So, like Tuesday night I'm leaving for Asia, and I'll be gone till December 22nd, and I will take 17 pounds of butter with me.

[Kathy]   In your case.

In your suitcase?

[Aajonus]   No, I'll take in my cooler, and I have a cold pack with it, and I take a quart of honey for that whole 40 some days?

That's my stash because I get meat anywhere, I get eggs anywhere, you get better meat and eggs in Asia.

[Kathy]   You have to take glass jars, and put it in your bag.

[Aajonus]   Yes, I do?

[Attendee]   Do you let it go through the x-ray.

[Aajonus]   Well, when I'm going to Asia, you know what I do now, I can travel, I will be on a plane five hours?

I get anywhere in the United States.

So, if they don't let me get through, I have a doctor's note that says his food is his medicine, don't x-ray it all the shit, they've got really nasty leaving LA, and so they're just obnoxious.

I've been in communist countries; they have more freedom.

I was in China and the people talk about the freedom we have here, it's so full of shit.

It's ridiculous, it pisses me off.

And we cherish right here our life here.

So anyway, when I go through China airlines usually or any of those Japanese airlines, they will take my food and they'll hand it to a guy who walks it out brings it and hands it to me on the plane.

So it doesn't go through the scanner because you know, I'll be on that plane 19-20 hours.

[Attendee]   So, when you fly domestic, they won't do that.

[Aajonus]   No, here nobody would do it.

If they don't let me do it, I will stand there and eat the raw eats in front of them, half a quart of milk, they honey, butter, and raw meat.

They get so mad cause they are really paranoid Most of them are paranoid of me sucking raw eggs in front of them, really nasty.

I've been threatened if I didn't leave the area, go eat somewhere else I'd be in trouble.

I said you're going to arrest me for eating.

Do you think a jury is going to find me guilty for eating, and I said, what's going to end up is eventually I'm going to get you in court.

You will be tied up for two days in that possible, nd it's going to cost you guys a lot of money and a lot of time.

So, I'd say you think about that, and will a jury find you guilty, when I've got a doctor's note that says my food is my medication and you refuse to let me have it, and you've endangered my life.

Well, they used to up until six months ago, then all of a sudden something, just a big curtain came down.

The iron curtain came down.

They caught as fast as I entered, and that's it.

When I was in China and in Vietnam, I gave them the letter and they said, okay, they were very friendly, and they said, I had a fork in my bag, so I couldn't take that through.

So, they went and found my bag and put it into my bag.

These are the security people, they're so friendly and so nice.

So, all this crap about communism is garbage.

They run the same as anybody else, but they happen to be more friendly for some reason.

.

(52) Vaccines In Arm
[2004],[Attendee]

Can you walk me through taking care of whatever's going on in my shoulder

I suppose it could be detoxing.

I've just been like lifting really heavy things and I placed a really heavy backpack on it, but I'm not on the diet.

[Aajonus]

Well, then how do you expect me to help.

Just follow the diet, put a hot water bottle wherever it hurts, and use a pain formula if you're in pain?

Well, let's say if you're discharging mercury from a vaccine in the arm, and those were injections in the arm and that mercury travels down your nerves, you're going to have nerve damage.

Especially if you don't eat, right, you're not going to have the proper nutrients in the body when that mercury is discharging from damaging your nerve tissue.

When I went through it this year in this arm, and last year in this arm my whole arm turned gray from the mercury and smelled just like mercury.

I've had so many injections, especially tetanus shots, and they use a lot of time thimerosal in tetanus then they do anything else and the other drugs.

So, my whole arm turned gray from it.

If I hadn't been eating a good diet and been in that tub, discharging those poisons quickly out through the skin, I would have had severe nerve damage, but I didn't.

After the chemotherapy, everything tingled because I was poisoned everything, I wasn't on a good diet, but I also lost all the nerve control from here all the way down.

[Attendee #2]

How long do you sit in that tub.

[Aajonus]

Depends upon the person?

I suggest a minimum an hour, an hour and a half.

If you want to stay in all night like I used to, you can sleep and do it all night.

Do you have a question.

[Attendee #3]

What causes and how you do heal athlete's foot?

[Aajonus]

Athletes foot is a fungus?

That's another helper.

You know how colds help deteriorate and dissolve certain things.

Those particular cells are degenerated best with fungus?

The yeasts go after sugar related ones, the molds go after non sugar related damage.

So, that's a good thing.

.

(53) What Prevents Greying Hair
[2004],[Lewis]

Not that I'm in dire need at this minute, but what do you suggest as preventative measures for graying hair

[Aajonus]

That's a difficult one because greying hair is a result of toxic metals leaving the brain?

If it's in the brain, if it's in the chest, of course, wherever the heirs are turning gray, you've got heavy metals leaving and the lymph system is carrying them to the hair follicle to get rid of them by building them into the hair.

If causes follicle damage it turns gray.

Often it reverses.

After the chemotherapy, I just had a few patches of hair.

When it came back, I was grey for two years, then a reverse, and two years ago, I had a patch of gray hair, and it was there for three months and went away.

Then the next year, the last year I had a huge patch here and it came and went.

The only place that it stays is right here.

Right, and then he goes in and out in degrees.

You know, a year ago, this was completely gray.

Now it's salt and pepper again, it goes in and out.

[Attendee]

What about white hairs.

[Aajonus]

The ability for the follicle to use para hydroxybenzoic acid, which is a B vitamin, which controls pigmentation?

When the body can no longer utilize para hydroxybenzoic acid or that you're not eating it, then your hair will turn colors if heavy metals get into the follicle.

[Lewis]

Okay.

[Aajonus]

There's nothing you can do about it.

[Lewis]

It's another way of detox.

[Aajonus]

Yeah.

You know I had one guy go on the diet at 51 years old.

He was completely gray, and after five years on the diet his hair went red again.

Some people can reverse it.

.

(54) Women Studied Parasitology
[2004],[Attendee]

I've studied parasitology for years; amoeba can kill you

I've seen pictures of people, their organs, their liver half as long, eaten away.

I mean they eat away at your whole intestines.

[Aajonus]   That's right.

Just in a few people that are so toxic that it doesn't stop, and it isn't controlled, but that's very rare that it happens, but it mostly happens in third world countries where they're just fed garbage.

They get no meat and their muscles, and their animal tissue is so weak that the amoeba just wants to go in there and clean them up.

The people who are doing this diet don't have a problem.

[Attendee]   I don't know, I picked it up when I was out of the country.

[Aajonus]   You weren't eating a good diet.

[Attendee]   No, I wasn't, but I almost died from it.

[Aajonus]   Yeah, you almost died from it.

You were very thin, very dry and very ill.

So, they're going to eat what it can.

[Attendee]   But I didn't get it until I left the country and then I can back and then I was fine.

[Aajonus]   90% of the cases who have the amoeba don't leave anywhere, don't leave their own country.

So, that's another myth that they like to put out there to scare people, so that every time you go out of the country, you'll take their medications, their malaria pills, or their yellow fever vaccines, so that they can make money.

It's a business.

You have to realize it's a business.

I'm not saying that people don't die, people die, some children die, and that isn't the tapeworm that's done it.

Isn't the amoeba that's done it, it's the toxicity in their body.

The amoeba and the tapeworm we're just trying to help out, trying to reduce the symptoms.

But if somebody is so deteriorating, they're going to die.

That's it.

This diet doesn't save everyone.

Saves 95% of the people that I know and reverses their disease.

If you want to lose 5% of the dozen.

But the medical profession, they reverse almost no disease.

They just make you get worse and worse till you're a cripple, you have a very poor quality of life.

Some people, you know, we're talking about 5% of the people that they help have that ability to heal themselves after that kind of an assault, but it's only 5%.

So, 95% I help, 5% they help, or those survive in spite of their therapies.

So, now what I say is this is a much better average than theirs.

[unclear] and all the other anti-parasiticals, anti-bacterials, that's your choice.

I'm not going to judge you for that.

It's your life, it's your life experience, but it's certainly not my choice cause I don't like being the one I'm crawling on the floor, only able to move my head and my shoulders and my arms.

There was no joy, and that's what they did to me.

For me it would take 30 minutes to go from the couch, which was about there to the kitchen, 30 minutes to get there.

I'd crawl 10 feet, pass out from exhaustion, and wait and crawl another 10 feet, and I had jars of urine and pans of feces, diarrhea and everything sitting by me.

I had to sit there for sometimes three days before the volunteers came.

So, I had to live in that odor and live in that pit.

I had to live that way because of the medical profession.

Not going back there ever.

[Attendee #2]   When was this Aajonus.

[Aajonus]   After the chemotherapy radiation?